[Story within the Illustration section]
Demon King, Being Hated
“…… Emerada-chan? Why are you holding such a dangerous thing?”
Suzuki Rika discovered Emerada sitting under the common staircase of Villa Rosa 
Sasazuka and initiated a conversation with her.
Emerada did not stand up, turning her head directing and looking up and Rika, 
speaking in a perplexed tone,
“How is it dangerous~~? I am only holding a gold bar~~”
“Nonono, that thing is already dangerous enough in various ways.”
“I should be asking why Suzuki-san came down from the second floor~~? Were you 
in the Demon King’s room just now~~?”
“I just returned from Ente Isla. I would occasionally go to the Demon Fortress when 
that lizard from earlier is behaving to help Ashiya-san and Urushihara-san settle some 
things…… by the way, is that real?”
Emerada was holding a gold bar which was slightly larger than the average-sized 
mobile phone.
“This is the highest grade pure gold verified by Saint Aire~~ can this be used to 
exchange for money in Japan~~?”
“Things would become extremely dangerous and troublesome, so you should forget 
about that.”
“Eh~~? But Emilia said that she had used gold coins to exchange for money here 
before~~”
“It’s still alright if it’s just gold coins, but that gold bar is probably worth a few million 
yen! What exactly are you planning to buy!”
“About that~~I’ll probably buy Sentucky’s original flavoured fried chicken~~”
“Do you want to buy all the chickens on the chicken farm?”
Rika raised her head and shouted loudly while feeling stunned.
“It’s no good~~?”
“If you suddenly bring such a large gold bar into the shop, you’ll definitely be asked 
about the source. And tax issues still have to be considered, the shop would probably 
not be willing to buy it.”
“I see~~ then what about this~~?”
Emerada kept the gold bar inside her clothes with some regret, she looked like she 
was not worried about her clothes being damaged by the weight of the gold bar and 
handed a small bag to Rika.
Rika looked and discovered that a dried fruit she had never seen before was contained 
inside, smelling a faint fragrance at the same time.
“…… Is it something like a spice or some special tea leaf?”
“Oh~~ as expected of Rika-san~~ that is correct~~ this is also a high-grade item in 
Ente Isla~~”
“…… Even though you only had to obediently bring over gold coins or inexpensive 
jewels……”
It should be easier to get rid of accessories than a gold bar.
Unfortunately, Rika did not know which place could investigate the dried goods from 
Ente Isla in detail.
“…… Do you want me to lend you some money first?”
Rika pulled out a 10,000 yen note from the wallet in her pocket and passed it to 
Emerada.
“Wah! Thank you~~! As a return gift, I will give you this Gide fruit~~ ah, I will find an 
opportunity to return to money to you~~”
As an exchange, Emerada passed the bag containing mysterious fruit to Rika.
“After cooking it and grinding it to powder, toast it a little before sprinkling it onto bread, 
then you will be able to experience a tart deliciousness~~”
“Whether it’s the name, cooking method or taste, it makes others feel that it is strange 
in various ways.”
After Rika said this while scratching her head, she suddenly looked towards the 
common stairs of the apartment and said,
“By the way, why are you here? I can still understand if it’s Emi’s house.”
“…… I need to look for the Demon King for some business, I had thought that if things 
went well, I should be able to meet him alone……”
“Eh? You want to look for Maou-san? Did something happen?”
“You shouldn’t not know about it, right?”
“Not know about what?”
Rika did not sense the reason for Emerada’s tone becoming normal.
But Emerada was very shocked that Rika actually did not know about 『that』.
“…… Emilia…… will probably tell you later.”
“Oh…… rather than that, are you going to Sentucky later? Do you want to eat together?
“…… I’m sorry, I’m actually heading to Chiho-san’s house after this.”
After Emerada stood up, she spoke softly with a determined tone.
It was only now that Rika sensed an abnormal determination from Emerada.
Therefore, she intentionally did not ask about it,
“I see. Then when you can say it and want to say it, you can tell me.”
After saying this, she walked past Emerada and left directly.
Emerada watched Rika leave and smiled slightly,
“…… I can sort of understand why Emilia treasures the friendship with you so 
much……”
But that smile dimmed immediately.
“Then…… I should leave as well.”
Emerada’s body floated slightly, then she flew towards the Sasaki home.
“…… Demon King…… Demon King Satan……”
From her small lips, a hatred which could not be hidden leaked out.
“I definitely cannot forgive you.”
[Story within the Illustration section]
Demon King, Having An Interview
“So, how long as Maa-kun been a demon, in fact?”
“Choosing your current appearance and lifestyle, is there some important reason 
behind it?
For these, rather than saying it was an interrogation, it was more like an interview.
“How did you learn your Japanese? I remember you can speak as well, right?”
“After learning a completely foreign language, why is the part that gave you the 
hardest time?”
In reality, in the eyes of outsiders, this situation of conversing with two managers with 
a table between them, it definitely looked like he was having an interview.
“Before working at the store in front of Hatagaya station, what is the thing you were 
most invested in during the course of your life?”
“Since you have already built up a stable network of connections at this point, what 
goals do you have for the future?”
“C, can I ask both of you to calm down for a bit?”
He did not know if they were doing it intentionally, or it was simply because it was their 
nature to do so.
Maou, whose identity as the Demon King from another world was revealed, was 
currently being closely questioned by the new and old Shop Managers of the
MgRonalds in front of Hatagaya station, Kisaki Mayumi and Iwaki Kotomi.
Chiho’s actions which could be described as completely uncontrolled finally caused 
the main employees at the MgRonalds in front of Hatagaya station to also know about 
Maou’s true identity, this point could not be salvaged anymore.
However, he did not expect that what awaited him was actually being invited for a chat 
by his supervisors.
“Uh, erhm, even though I don’t have the right to say such things…… but do you not 
have any other things which you are concerned about?”
Even though his true identity was revealed, considering the abnormal actions and 
hasty explanations from Chiho and Suzuno, as well as Acies’ situation which could 
not be understood, Maou thought that he still had to give an explanation with regards 
to these matters.
But the new and old Shop Managers glanced at each other and said,
“There’s nothing.”
“There’s nothing at all.”
Both Kisaki and Iwaki looked rather perplexed.
“Until now, I have not recovered from the shock, and I still cannot completely accept 
it.”
“Even so, what we can do or ask is not much.”
“You have already worked in this store for a long time and there are no problems with 
your documents. If you were fired just because you are a Demon King, you will be 
unable to accept it as well, right?”
“Doing that feels very scary.”
“Uh, erhm, yes, that’s right.”
Even though Maou really had no right to think this way, but not even knowing which 
part is strange was really too strange.
“But we are adults after all, since we already know your true identity, we will still want 
to go through the minimal level of confirmation, that’s why we looked for you for an 
interview.”
“If Maou-kun’s identity as Demon King or Yusa-san’s identity as Hero causes some 
huge problem, Kisaki-san who hired you and I, the current person-in-charge, will be 
investigated for our responsibilities…… ah, don’t be unhappy because of this, okay? 
We are only confirming it!”
Kisaki became stony-faced in a serious manner and Iwaki comforted Maou frantically.
When Maou heard this, as he felt surprised, he could not help but feel moved as the 
corner of his eyes grew hot.
In fact, if not for the fact that Maou and Emi were the Demon King and Hero 
respectively, the facilities in the store would not have been destroyed by the hungry 
light beams emitted from Acies’ face.
However, Kisaki and Iwaki did not seem to think this way.
They were only looking at the individual areas of Maou Sadao and Yusa Emi.
“…… Not only did we cause trouble for both of you, we even caused both of you to 
worry, I am really sorry about it.”
The Demon King from the foreign world lowered his head deeply, causing the two fulltime MgRonalds employees to show troubled smiles.
“I only have one expectation for you right now, it would be to continue working just like 
before and helping Shop Manager Iwaki.”
“You are going to be faced with an important battle after this, right? Every part-timer 
has their own circumstances, so it is not good for me to give any forceful requests, but 
please do not die. Because I will definitely be unable to find someone who can replace 
you.”
The words from his two supervisors caused Maou to lower his head again until it was 
close to touching the floor.
“…… I was born a demon, it’s just that I naturally transformed into my current 
appearance. It’s not as if I cannot transform, but I cannot maintain it for long, so 
basically my current highest priority goal is to find ways to maintain my livelihood and 
live normally in Japan……”
He started to answer the interview questions honestly and sincerely.


Demon King and Hero, Unable to Raise Their Heads In The Workplace
That day, the Demon Fortress was attacked by an angel.
“Deeeeemoonnnn Kinggggg ahhhhhhhh!!!!”
“Dargh!?”
At the porch of Villa Rosa Sasazuka Room 201, a small-sized man was standing there, 
with a green face and using his shaking lips and voice to call out for Maou, it was 
Sariel, also known as Sarue Mitsuki.
“You better not say that you do not know why I would want to specially come over 
here and look for you!!”
Sariel, who was considered Maou’s business rival in various ways, the reason why he 
came to visit early in the morning on a weekday,
“Ah…… were you implicated as well?”
Actually, it was easy to think of it.
“What exactly happened…… you guys……. you guys…….”
He had come fiercely at the start, but Sariel was currently leaning against Maou with 
shaky legs just like a newborn deer, with various emotions boiling in his eyes.
“What did you guys tell Shop Manager Kisaki!”
“Uh~”
Maou first tried to act clueless.
“Earlier, Kisaki-san did return to the store after a long time, did something happen……”
“She called me, and the first thing she said was 『I heard that your actual name is 
Sariel』!”
“………… Uh~”
Seeing that Sariel was so agitated that his spit was flying, Maou could only give up 
and reply.
“Sorry. A lot of things happened.”
“Don’t think of brushing things aside just like that!”
“Ah~ can I speak the truth?”
“What!?”
“I completely forgot about you. Honestly speaking, I did not have the leisure to think 
about it at that time.”
“Heyyyyyy!?”
“There was no choice! I also did not expect Kisaki-san to find out my true identity like 
that! Honestly speaking, it is not easy for us right now as well!”
“I understand clearly why you’re not suitable to be a Manager! When customers come 
to complain, even if you have to tear your mouth apart, you cannot flip it around and 
complain to the customer!”
“What the heck did you come here for!! If you came to protest, I can only apologise to 
you for waiting too long to report this matter to you, the matter of your true identity 
being revealed is completely……”
Maou hesitated for an instant, but because the other party was Sariel, he did not think 
too much and continued to speak,
“Completely not my responsibility!”
“Stop lying! Even if you were not the one who revealed it, you still need to take indirect 
responsibility!”
“Hah!?”
“Kisaki-san said that she knew about the overview of everything from Sasaki Chiho!!”
“…… And so?”
“I do not know what actually happened, but Sasaki Chiho is a Demon General staying 
on Earth, right! She is your subordinate! Since you are the Demon King, you should 
control your subordinates properly!”
This term Demon General caused Maou to hesitate for an instant, but he still rebuked,
“Including Ashiya, since a long time ago, the Generals of the Demon King Army were 
a group of people who thought of everything to kill me. They definitely would not listen
to my orders obediently.”
“There should be a limit to implicating innocents!”
Sariel was stomping his foot in anger, but Maou could not do anything about it.
What was done had been done, if he wanted to erase the effects caused by what 
Sariel mentioned as 『the incident planned by Chiho』, he could only use one of the 
methods considered by him and the rest but never had been carried out, which was 
『memory manipulation』.
“…… What…… exactly should I do……”
Even so, seeing Sariel being in huge shock, Maou could not help but feel a little guilty.
※
The MgRonalds in front of Hatagaya station.
That was the workplace of Demon King Satan from another world, who was also 
known as Maou Sadao, and was also a fast food store where the many people who 
greatly influenced him on his human views and life views worked.
Especially the ex-Shop Manager Kisaki Mayumi, Maou saw her as an ideal model for 
humans, or rather working adults, seeing her as his goal.
Of course, limited to the scope of humans only.
Therefore, even if Kisaki Mayumi promoted Maou to substitute Shop Manager at an 
abnormal speed, and even nominated him to take part in the full-time employment 
exam, she still did not know Maou’s true identity.
This situation only changed one week ago, the cause was because abnormalities 
occurred in Acies=Ala’s body.
Acies, who already had an abnormally huge appetite, suddenly became even more 
ridiculous one day.
The problem was as long as Acies did not fill her stomach, she would emit beams of 
light from her face which could cause physical damage to her surroundings.
Even if everyone who was related to Villa Rosa Sasazuka and knew about the 
situation with Acies and Maou took turns and pitched in, they were unable to solve 
Acies’ problem, and in the end, someone even brought her to the MgRonalds in front 
of Hatagaya station.
That person was the young girl who was the earliest person in Japan to know about 
Maou and the situation in Ente Isla, Sasaki Chiho.
Until now, Maou did not understand why Chiho did this, and also did not know how
she managed to do it.
Even though it could be certain that Earth’s Sephirah clan, the apartment’s landlady 
Shiba Miki and her niece Ooguro Amane had deeply participated in this, Maou was 
currently unable to verify this at all.
After that, Maou wanted to look for his neighbour Kamazuki Suzuno, the one who 
helped Chiho that time, to gather more information, but the busy Suzuno immediately 
returned to Ente Isla the day after the incident.
If it were the normal Suzuno, she would have stopped Chiho from messing around, or 
proposed other alternatives.
But the Suzuno at that time was not the one Maou usually knew.
The day before Chiho brought Acies, who had not shown any signs of improvement 
in her condition, to MgRonalds.
What happened that day was something Maou saw as completely out of the blue, but 
it did happen.
Kamazuki Suzuno, that Suzuno who was known as Death Scythe Bell in the past and 
feared, that Suzuno who always thought things through very clearly, of all things, she 
actually made a love confession to Maou.
In the past, Maou had always thought ‘his field of vision turned blank’ was only a 
comparison, but after actually experiencing it, he realised that his mental state at that 
instant could only be described this way.
His field of vision narrowed, and it felt like his stomach and heart had contracted 
instantly.
It was not as if he could not tell if Suzuno was speaking her true thoughts or not.
The two of them spent that long of a time together.
Therefore, Maou felt perplexed, and as his field of vision turned blank, he ran away.
He believed that it was this matter which indirectly ignited Chiho’s actions which could 
only be described as reckless and uncontrolled.
Anyway, it could not be salvaged now.
When Acies was brought into the store, this was already a situation where they could 
not just gloss things over. Because of this, the ones who were present at that time, 
ex-Shop Manager Kisaki Mayumi, current Shop Manager Iwaki Kotomi as well as two 
of Maou’s colleagues Kawada Takefumi and Ooki Akiko all found out what kind of 
incident Chiho had gotten herself involved in.
Of course, the true identities and origins of Maou, Emi, Alas=Ramus, Acies and 
Libicocco were exposed as a result too.
At that time, Maou and Emi were unable to keep up with the changes in the situation 
at all, they had already used up all their energy with just barely cleaning up the scene.
Therefore, they did not notice.
Did not notice that there was still one person who would be implicated after Maou, 
Emi and the matters of Ente Isla were exposed.
Sariel, who was innocent but implicated, came to find Maou only one week after Chiho 
revealed everything.
※
“…… Honestly, Emi and I also found it hard to accept, but Kisaki-san, Shop Manager 
Iwaki, Kawacchi and Aki-chan…… ah, that is Kawada and Akiko, their situation should 
be worse than ours, they might even be feeling nervous and jumpy. Three days were 
needed before the store was completely fixed, business could only be stopped during 
this period, thinking about it carefully, things about you were also mentioned at that 
time…… sorry, we forgot to tell you about it.”
Sariel slumped on the floor after he made a huge fuss, Maou apologised to the back 
of his head in a slightly serious manner.
“No, forget it.”
“Huh?”
“I do not hate all of you.”
“You said you came to complain just now, right?”
“That is true. But with this, I do not have to hide things about myself in front of Kisakisan anymore.”
This sentence caused Maou to be unable to stop himself from adding on another 
sentence.
“Have you ever hid anything about yourself?”
From Maou’s point of view, the only things Sariel hid from Kisaki were his actual name 
and his place of birth.
As for Sariel’s actual personality, just from his shocking actions when they first met, 
everything was practically revealed.
“Let’s put that aside first, do you have any other matters? If the matter of setting up a 
business together with Kisaki-san was cancelled because of this, then I would actually 
feel rather bad for you.”
Faced with Maou who obviously did not look that guilty, Sariel shook his head and 
replied,
“That was what I was worried about the most as well, but Kisaki-san only asked if I 
used magic to conduct any underhanded tactics on the business. The magic she 
mentioned refers to holy magic and spells, right? I can swear to the gods, I definitely 
did not do such things.”
“You’re an archangel, why are you learning from humans and talking about gods. 
Haah, anyway, I’m sorry, our side took too long to tell you about it. Just like what I said 
just now, other than Kisaki-san, Shop Manager Iwaki, Kawada and Akiko also know, 
so you need to remember that these people are different from the others. Then it’s 
about time for me to go to work……”
“Hey, I’m not finished yet.”
“What else is there. It doesn’t really matter even if your identity was exposed, right?”
“Wrong! Erhm, I still want to confirm it!”
“Hm? What else is there to confirm……”
“Other than my real identity, did all of you mention other things?”
“Hmm?”
“All of you only said that I came from the foreign world, that I’m not a human but an 
angel and I can use magic, right!?”
Even though he had been acting fierce when he first came, Sariel’s current tone 
seemed to be a little fearful now.
After Maou thought for a while, he suddenly remembered one thing.
“Because the key to us getting exposed was Acies, so I’m sorry, it was mentioned that 
you angels and Heaven are the enemies of Emi and I, okay?”
“Those broad matters are not important to me at all!”
Maou pushed Sariel out to the public corridor, then said nonchalantly after locking the 
porch door.
“Don’t worry, with regards to you kidnapping Chi-chan and Emi and wanting to take 
off Emi’s clothes, I have not said anything about it yet.”
“Nooooooooooooo!!!!”
Maou ignored Sariel who was holding his head and shouting, leisurely walking down 
the common staircase.
“This is called bringing unnecessary troubles upon yourself.”
To Sariel who adjusted to Japan more quickly compared to Maou and Ashiya and 
shamelessly said that he wanted to spend his life together with Kisaki Mayumi, those 
actions he did when he was an enemy to Maou and the others were a dark history 
which could not be exposed at all.
Of course, Maou and the others did not plan to proactively make disparaging remarks 
about Sariel.
Even though he kept whining at the public corridor, Sariel’s battle ability would not 
lose to Emi or Maou at all if they were not using the Yesod fragments.
If Sariel changed his stance because of a certain reason, Maou and the others would 
not be able to subdue him without damaging the surroundings.
Currently, they still had to depend on Kisaki to tie him to Japan and live a peaceful life.
Therefore, Maou would never show that 『Ace』in his deck of cards.
If not for Sariel bringing it up, Maou would not even remember this incident, 
furthermore, the problem Maou faced now was already so large that he felt Sariel’s 
existence and true identity was completely unimportant.
Firstly, after that kind of incident happened, Acies’ physical condition still did not 
improve.
Thinking about it carefully, this was natural, even if this was seen as a major incident 
by Maou and the others, to Acies she was only eating more than normal, the situation 
had not been solved and the reason was not identified.
Even so, an increase in locations where she did not need to hide her true self relieved 
Acies’ stress a little, the current appetite was half of what it was at its peak…… 
apparently.
Why this could not be confirmed was because Maou never met Acies after that day.
Ever since that day, Maou suddenly became distant from the people around him.
Maou already did not know what Chiho and Suzuno were planning, the clans people 
of the apartment’s landlady Shiba Miki were also acting secretly at strange places.
Even the condition of Acies’ body, he only heard about it because he coincidentally 
got hold of Nord in front of the apartment earlier.
Maou and Acies were merged, as long as he had the intention, he could forcefully 
summon Acies over any time.
But even if he did that, he was unable to obtain any information, Maou was also unable 
to prepare enough food to feed Acies until she was full on his own.
As a result, during these few days, Maou could only be manipulated by others, under 
this situation where he could not get a detailed explanation from anyone, he spent 
these days unhappily.
Of course, Emi was in the same situation.
Especially when she was in Ente Isla earlier, she heard that Ashiya, Urushihara and 
Gabriel were planning some suspicious things, so she probably felt even more uneasy.
And then, one week passed.
Maou and Emi had not established contact with Acies, Suzuno or Chiho.
In place of that, some people started to come and go around Maou and the others.
“Ah, good morning.”
“Maa-kun!”
After Maou gloomily walked through the automatic doors of the store, Kawada 
Takefumi rushed over immediately.
“Ka, Kawacchi, what’s wrong……”
“Some strange people came again! They must be people who are related to all of you, 
right!”
“…… Where.”
“Counter 10.”
“Ah…… ah…… ah.”
Kawada did not look back and explained directly, the Counter 10 he mentioned 
referred to the bar seats facing the wall in the store, three men wearing clothes that 
did not fit into this city of Hatagaya at all were sitting there with straight postures.
“S, sorry. Always troubling you like this. Seriously, I already told them to dress 
probably before coming over……”
Maou’s shoulders slumped gloomily, Kawada spoke with a crying expression.
“Libicocco quarrelled with them just now. They said that where they came from, these 
were considered formal clothes.”
“…… They don’t need to wear any formal clothes.”
Maou looked towards those three men, there was blue cloth wrapped around all their 
left hands.
“Where’s the Shop Manager?”
“She received something like a gold bar and is currently at a loss of what to do.”
“I understand. I will teach them a proper lesson.””
“I’m really counting on you……”
With Kawada watching him, Maou initiated a conversation from behind the men with 
blue cloth on their hands.
“Hey, you idiots. How many times must I say it for all of you to understand that 
this is not Ente Isla.”
“……”
One of the large sized men turned around, his height was one head higher than the 
other two and there were no openings in his gaze.
“It’s Demon King Satan huh.”
“Yeah.”
“You know who we are, right?”
“Who knows. I do not know anyone who would dress so weirdly and 
exaggeratedly think 『You know me, right』”
“……!”
A look of indignance appeared on the face of the man behind him, but he was stopped 
by the large man.
“…… My apologies. Even though we knew about this country’s culture from the 
advanced troop, but this is already the minimum amount of equipment for us 
Seisokin Knight Troops when we are deployed on missions, not bringing any 
weapons is already the biggest compromise from us.”
“I don’t care about your country’s situation. This is Japan. Whether it is the 
Seisokin, Unifying Azure Emperor, Demon King or Hero, it is equally 
meaningless. Currently, all of you are just a group of strange people. Next time, 
come over again after changing your country’s rules.”
“…… I will do my best.”
“Then, I will just listen to what business you have today…..”
“It, it seems that they are conversing well…… hm?”
As Kawada nervously watched Maou deal with the strangely dressed trio from afar, 
the other 『involved person』 also walked through the automatic door and appeared.
“Good morning, ah.”
“Ah, good morning, Yusa-san.”
Emi immediately noticed Maou and the three strangely dressed men, asking Kawada 
softly.
G, good morning, Kawada-san…… erhm, could those people be”
“I don’t understand what they are saying, so I can only judge based on my feeling, but 
they made Libi-kun angry and were lectured by Maa-kun and are probably explaining 
their reasons for coming now.”
“…… I’m really sorry. Are the current number of customers alright?”
“Yeah, there are not many customers now, but Shop Manager Iwaki does not know 
how to deal with the gold bar she just received, so rather than Maa-kun, you should 
help her first.”
“I, I understand. I’m truly sorry for the trouble!”
“Ah, maa, I’m alright with it though.”
Once she knew that the Shop Manager was troubled, Emi instantly showed a tragic 
expression and frantically headed to the Employee Room.
“If that kind of thing had not happened, I would really think that they were only weirdos. 
Then…… I should just work normally.”
After Kawada spoke to himself, he perked up his spirits and started to carry out his 
normal tasks.
“Ah, Kawacchi, Saemi just rushed into the Employee Room with an agitated 
expression, did strange people come again?”
At this moment, Ooki Akiko came back from the freezer room carrying the refill 
ingredients.
“Maa-kun is currently dealing with the customers from that side. Yusa-san went to 
calm the Shop Manager down.”
“Shop Manager is too serious. For something like a gold bar, she just needs to find a
suitable pawn shop and sell it, right?”
“You’re the one who is thinking too little about this.”
Kawada said with a troubled smile.
“I would do that if it were me. Because it would definitely not be found out, right? It is 
impossible for the people who came from Ente Isla to go to the Headquarters to 
complain, the extra money can be used to treat everyone to alcohol.”
“Such shallow thinking, your words are too dangerous, since even the Demon King 
from the foreign world had participated in the full-time employment exam, it is difficult 
to guarantee that no one would go over to Headquarters to protest. So regardless of 
any objects which do not follow common sense, we cannot steal the valuables the 
customers use to pay.”
“That’s true. After all, even Saemi had worked at docodemo, perhaps the people of 
Ente Isla also know how to make telephone calls. Oh my, even if that sort of thing had 
actually happened, our normal lives did not change much.”
After Akiko said this nonchalantly, just like what she usually did, she placed the 
ingredients into the freezer in the kitchen.
“Ah…… so tired. Sorry, Kawacchi, always troubling you to deal with these strange 
people.”
At this moment, Maou returned with an exhausted expression.
Before Kawada replied, he looked at the dining area first and discovered that those 
three people had left at an unknown time and the other customers did not appear to 
suspect anything at all.
“…… I’m confirming this just in case, would you use magic to exterminate 
unreasonable humans?”
“…… Of course not. If I did that, Emi would definitely not let me off.”
“Yaa, it was just in case, just in case.”
“What are you worried about?”
“Maa, it’s good as long as you made them return peacefully.”
“By the way, I haven’t changed yet. I’m really sorry.”
Kawada turned his head slightly, watching Maou frantically run into the Employee 
Room.
Compared to Maou, Kawada’s expression was not that tense.
When Maou checked in his attendance and walked out of the Employee Room, there 
was already a new customer taking the tray from Kawada and finding a seat to sit 
down.
“Kawacchi, where’s Libicocco?”
“He is managing upstairs on his own. Can you change shifts with him?”
“Alright.”
Maou nodded, quickly heading to the counter on the second floor.
After experiencing that highly exposing incident caused by Chiho which could only be 
described as reckless and uncontrolled, unexpectedly, the relationship between the 
three people, Iwaki, Kawada and Akiko and Maou and the others did not change much.
Iwaki asked before,
『Should I have addressed you as Maou-sama after all? Or would Demon King Satansama be better?” 』
The only words which left a deeper impression on Maou was probably only this.
Maou and the others, Iwaki and the others, both sides did not specially discuss and 
re-evaluate their relationship.
One of the main reasons was probably because of the realistic consideration that 
many troubles would be caused if their relationship changed.
Another one was the trust which Maou accumulated over time.
Kawada had said at one point of time.
『Let me say this first, it’s not like I am completely not afraid at all.』
Just as Maou thought this was very normal, Kawada continued.
『But if something was to happen, it would have happened already, since Maa-kun 
and the rest of you do not have plans to do anything, then I do not need to be too 
wary.』
As Maou was grateful for Kawada’s friendship and support as well as his logical 
analysis, he also felt guilty over having to hide the many dangerous things which 
happened during his first fight with Sariel, deeply bowing to Kawada and apologising.
The reactions from Akiko, Iwaki and Kisaki were similar to that.
Emi and Libicocco probably have also individually reached an understanding with the 
employees.
Even if they did not discuss this before, the relationship between the both of them and 
Iwaki did not look like it had changed much.
Maou understood once more how fortunate he was to be able to work here.
“…… Demon King-sama, Kawada-senpai came up.”
“Eh?”
The voice of Libicocco, who had changed places with Maou and prepared to go down 
to the first floor, caused Maou to look up, then he noticed Kawada walk upstairs with 
a slightly strange expression on his face.
“Maa-kun, a customer came again.”
“Ahh……”
“The customer this time can speak the language here. Western Continent? Some 
person from a Church.”
“…… Ah…… sorry, truly.”
The man who followed Kawada upstairs was wearing an extravagant robe which 
resembled the attire which Suzuno wore before, and it did not look like he came to 
MgRonalds to eat at all.
Maou did not have much impression of this man, he was probably not a member of 
the Battle to Defeat God.
“Why do all of you have to come over while dressed like this……”
“The upper management sternly instructed me to not be rude. This is a robe to express 
the highest amount of respect in the Theocracy……”
The priest was speaking agitatedly when he was cut off by Maou.
“Go back and tell your superior, dressing like this and causing trouble to me and my 
colleagues is truly being rude.”
“…… Oh.”
The priest did not look like he could accept it, Maou pointed at the bar seat and said.
“Haah, I’ll let it go today. But before going back today, remember to research the attire 
in Japan, else I will no longer listen to anything you say.”
“T, that would trouble us greatly.”
“Who cares about all of you. I’m the one who feels troubled. So what is it?”
“Yes?”
Maou glared at the man with a sharp gaze.
“Whose side are you on? Crestia Bell or Servantes Reberiz?”
“…… I am Archbishop Servantes’ subordinate.”
The three men who came before were Seisokin Knights who had the highest ranks in 
the Hakin Knights, the priest who came this time was the subordinate of Servantes, 
one of the Six Archbishops in the Theocracy.
Ever since the true identities of Maou and Emi were discovered by Kawada and the 
rest, there were a constant stream of visitors to the MgRonalds in front of Hatagaya 
station who came from Ente Isla and dressed very differently from the normal 
customers.
“Honesty is a good thing. Go inside and wait for a while, I will listen to what you want 
to say when I have time…… ah!”
With a stern tone, Maou ordered the male priest to sit at the innermost seat on the 
second floor, then ran towards Kawada who looked unhappy, holding his hands 
together and apologising.
“Sorry! I’m really sorry! Sorry, but I need to ask you for a favour, if this type of customer 
comes again, can you leave them to Emi to handle instead?”
“…… That’s alright with me, but Maa-kun.”
“Eh?”
“I think rather than the clothes, it is better to solve the issue with money. Regardless 
of how strange the attire is, as long as they sit quietly, they would just be customers 
who are dressed strangely, but using gold bars or jewels to pay would trouble Shop 
Manager a lot, Aki-chan would also start to say things which I do not know are jokes 
or serious comments, so I can’t relax at all.”
“I’m reallyyyyy sorry!”
Maou constantly apologised to Kawada, causing the male priest to widen his eyes in 
surprise, as if he had seen some abnormal phenomenon.
After the male priest watched Kawada go downstairs,
“All the fellas who came here were as surprised as you.”
Libicocco sensed the male priest’s reaction and said this with a smile.
“W, what?”
“Be careful, human. If you make the employees here unhappy, Demon King-sama and 
Hero Emilia will not listen to what you want to say anymore.”
“I will remember it well…… b, by the way, you are……”
“Me? I am Libicocco, a Malebranche Chieftain in the Demon King Army. Let me say 
this first, all the humans in this store know my identity. Even then, I am still the lowest 
ranked person here. You should watch your words and actions properly.”
The male priest breathed in sharply, frantically running towards the seat which Maou 
pointed at.
The Malebranche Chieftains which had brought tragedy to Ente Isla’s southern 
continent in the past was actually only the lowest ranked one in this store, this caused 
the priest to feel very afraid.
“Maa, everyone who came here are well-behaved. This shows that Sasaki Chiho’s 
actions are progressing very smoothly, right?”
“No comment.”
Libicocco looked towards Maou who had an unhappy expression and showed a 
sympathetic troubled smile. After he greeted Maou slightly with his gaze, he went 
downstairs directly.
“Progressing smoothly…… huh.”
What things were progressing smoothly, what things were not progressing smoothly.
Maou did not know anymore.
After all, influential people from various regions of Ente Isla have constantly come to 
the MgRonalds in front of Hatagaya station for 『courtesy calls』.
As to why they are doing this sort of thing……
The reason was the 『Second Attack on the Demon Fortress Plan 』which Chiho and 
Suzuno were planning, the people who only knew the surface amount of information 
probably found it hard to imagine what would happen.
And Maou and Emi, actually could not really keep up with the situation as well.
※
The first to visit was a person who Maou, Emi and Libicocco did not feel that 
unexpected to see.
After all, to Maou and the others, even if that person appeared in Japan, they would 
not be surprised at all.
But the first person to sense that the situation was not right was Emi.
Because that person had already completely researched Japan’s culture before and 
logically would not have dressed like this to come to MgRonalds.
“Hello everyone~”
“E, Eme!? Why are you dressed like that!?”
Emerada Etuva.
She was one of the comrades from when the Hero fought with the Demon King, not 
only was she one of the main members of the Battle to Defeat God, she was also 
Emi’s best friend.
Emerada had stayed at Emi’s apartment in Eifuku for a period of time, but for her who 
understood Japan’s customs and culture, for unknown reasons, she actually came to 
visit wearing the formal robes of the court sorceress of Holy Saint Aire Empire.
“This attire isn’t strange at all though~”
“…… Eme?”
Emi noticed that Emerada’s expression was a little strange.
Even though she looked very calm on the surface, whether it was her eyes or mouth, 
the range of emotions she showed was only half of her usual.
Emi knew from experience.
Emerada was probably angry.
Perhaps he heard Emi’s shocked voice, Maou who was originally on the café counter 
on the second floor rushed down the stairs, and the intelligent sorceress looked up at 
Maou with a sharp gaze.
“Hello, Demon King Satan.”
She said this with a sharp tone.
Emi gulped, swallowing her saliva.
It looked like there was currently a fire burning inside Emerada.
“E, Emerada!? Why are you dressed like this……!”
“Emilia and you are very bothered by my attire? Is it that strange?”
“T, that is because you……”
“Representing the Holy Saint Aire Empire and all the citizens of Ente Isla, I came to 
greet the person in charge of this store. If I followed the culture of the other party and 
disguised myself, it would give off the impression of being rude, right?”
“W, what are you saying……”
“Ahh, I don’t have the time to deal with a blockhead like you. Emilia. where is Shop 
Manager Iwaki?”
“Oii!?”
“Eh? Eh? Eh? Eme? Sorry, I don’t really understand the situation either.”
“…… Erhm, what happened?”
At this moment, perhaps she sensed that the atmosphere outside was strange, Iwaki 
appeared from the kitchen.
Emerada recognised Iwaki immediately and walked towards her, then knelt and 
bowed in front of her.
“E, erhm!? Customer-sama!? You are a customer, right!? In various ways!”
“Eme! Wait a moment! There are other customers around!?”
After experiencing the incident caused by Chiho which revealed everything, as 
expected of an adult, Iwaki already sensed that this situation was clearly not normal.
“You are Shop Manager Kotomi Iwaki, right? I come from the Holy Cross Continent of 
Ente Isla, from the Holy Saint Aire Empire, I am a court……”
“Can you wait a momentt!? Please follow mee, we can talk inside!”
Iwaki responded immediately.
She forcefully grabbed the hand of Emerada, who had around the same stature as 
her,
“Libi-kun! Come inside!”
“Understood!”
“…… sorceresssss~……”
Then gave instructions to Libicocco who was observing the situation from the side, 
quickly pulling Emerada and escaping into the Employee Room.
Watching the three people leave, Maou and Emi, Akiko who sort of understood the 
situation, and the employees who thought it was strange because they had not taken 
part in the incident which revealed everything, were left where they were.
“A, a, anyway, let’s continue working.”
Using this authority as stand-in Shop Manager, Maou forcefully placated those 
employees who did not know the whole story, but of course, this tactic did not work 
on Akiko.
“…… That, is that, what you talked about before?”
Akiko spoke softly next to Emi’s ear, and the latter nodded to reply,
“However…… she never did such things in the past, why…… ah.”
Because the automatic door opened at this time, as a MgRonalds’ employee, Emi was 
prepared to welcome the customer,
“Welcome, puh!?”
Then bit her tongue hard.
A man came this time.
The man was wearing an extravagant long robe. With a large stature, he showed a 
sharp gaze which was filled with wildness.
Why would he appear in a place like this?
After Maou saw that man’s face, even he frowned and showed a wary attitude.
“It’s been a long time. Hero Emilia. Perhaps even God did not expect for us to meet
in this manner. I am glad to see that you are safe.”
“A…… Archbishop Servantes…… w, why?”
The person who came was one of the Six Archbishops, the man who was currently 
standing at the top of all the believers of the Theocracy in Ente Isla.
Logically, even if the world turned upside down, he was not a person who would 
appear In the MgRonalds in Hatagaya, which was in Shibuya, which was in Japan, 
and walk thought those automatic doors alone.
After Servantes surveyed his surroundings carefully, his gaze stopped on Maou, who 
was frozen in the middle of the stairs.
“…… Even after seeing it with my own eyes, it is still difficult to believe.”
“T, that is what I want to say……”
Servantes probably said that because she saw Demon King Satan turn into the 
appearance of a youth in Japan, but until now, Emi could not believe that Servantes 
was already standing in front of her by himself.
The leader of the Six Archbishops of the Theocracy, Servantes Reberiz.
To Maou and Emi, he was in fact a puppet of Heaven, the strongest enemy in the 
human world of Ente Isla.
If Servantes, the one who occupied the peak of the Theocracy knew about Japan and 
the truth of the Demon King Army, with one judgment, he might trigger a huge war 
which would involve the whole of Ente Isla and the Demon King Army within one hour.
So forget about the Battle to Defeat God, even the fact that Emi was still alive could 
not be known by him.
But without bringing any Church Knights as his guard, why did he come to the 
MgRonalds in a foreign world by himself?
“…… I do not have much time. I have been warned not to cause any commotion in 
this world. Today, I came here to see the person in charge of this store where the 
Hero and Demon King work.”
“Eh!?”
Are Kotomi Iwaki-dono or Mayumi Kisaki-dono around?”
It was not known how he obtained this information but hearing the names of 
MgRonalds employees coming from the mouth of Servantes Reberiz still caused Emi 
to feel dizzy,
“E, erhm, Iwaki is currently dealing with a customer now……”
“There’s a customer huh. Then please excuse me, please allow me to wait here for a 
while.”
After saying this, Servantes did not wait for Emi to reply, then found a nearby empty 
seat and sat down.
As Maou, Emi and Akiko were at a loss of what to do, Servantes had already closed 
his eyes and started meditating, not moving at all.
“O, oi, Emi, what just happened! What exactly is going on!!”
“H, how would I know! I did not expect for Servantes-sama to come…… w, wait!”
Emi remembered that she seemed to have heard Servantes’ name somewhere before 
recently.
That’s right, it was that.
“C, could it be Chiho-chan……”
“Ah?”
“E, erhm, Saemi, Maou-san, the current atmosphere is a little……”
Even though Akiko felt more perplexed than the currently perplexed pair, Emerada 
happened to walk out of the Employee Room at the back at this moment.
Servantes opened his eyes instantly, staring intently at Emerada who was bowing 
inside the room as if he was using his gaze to pierce her back.
After Emerada raised her head, as if she already knew Servantes was there, she 
raised her head, straightened her back and walked straight towards him.
“It has been a long time.”
“I apologise for the disrespectful behaviour earlier.”
The two greeted each other briefly.
But behind the voices, it was as if one could hear the battle of wills between the pair.
“Please do not worry. I am just visiting her with my identity as her friend.”
“Such a coincidence. I also came here as an old acquaintance of hers.”
“I see.”
“That’s right.”
“…… Father Reberiz is usually so busy, it’s really been hard on you.”
“That’s right, Miss Etuva. Even though both of us are busy, I have not apologised for 
the rude actions conducted by the Church against your esteemed country and you. 
Why don’t we find some time for a meal next time?”
“Oh my, this is an invitation which makes me happy. Father Reberiz, that is an honour. 
Why don’t we just eat here directly?”
“Now? Here?”
Faced with the surprised Servantes, Emerada smiled sweetly.
“Do you not know? Taking a seat without ordering anything, that is going against the 
etiquette of this country.”
“…… I see. Then”
Servantes surveyed his surroundings and stood up carefully, first looking straight at 
Emi, then looking towards Maou.
“An order just needs to be placed with the waiters in the shop, right? I am not that 
familiar with foreign worlds after all, can I ask Miss Etuva to guide me on this country’s 
customs?”
“If I can be of help, please ask all you want. As a follower of the Theocracy, to be able 
to eat with a member of the Six Archbishops is really a great honour.”
After saying this, the two strange people stood in front of the counter together.
Emi and Maou were frozen on the spot because they could not grasp the situation, 
Iwaki and Libicocco were still in the Employee Room.
Therefore, Akiko was the only one left who could go to the counter and serve them.
“W, w, w, welcome……”
Emi and Maou truly had to greatly praise Akiko who finished taking the orders of these 
two people who exuded a strange atmosphere.
After that, Archbishop Servantes Reberiz and Saint Aire court sorceress Emerada 
Etuva found a small two-person table, facing each other and quietly eating the 
simplest meal set made up of a burger, small fries and ice coffee. Other than Maou, 
Emi and Akiko, everyone else unexpectedly shifted their gazes away from this strange 
scene.
After all, the atmosphere exuded by the pair was clearly abnormal and their attire was 
too peculiar.
However, the employees who have gone through training under Kisaki Mayumi all 
held the principle that everyone was a customer as long as they paid and ate, Iwaki 
Kotomi’s employees have also inherited this spirit, so they quickly stopped paying 
attention to these two customers who were only a little strange.
The other customers around them were the same.
Even if they lived their life normally, they would still occasionally see some peculiarly 
dressed people on the streets.
Regardless of their appearance, as long as their actions did not deviate greatly from 
what was considered reasonable in society, they would be accepted as one of the 
many diverse elements in this world, this was one of the unique points about Japanese 
people.
Based on this level of understanding, Maou and Emi, who truly understood this 
situation, were the strange ones in this scenario.
Servantes finished his meal rather quickly, smiling slightly when he saw the rubbish 
left on the tray.
“It is, really hard to predict what will happen in life. Miss Etuva, the taste of the meal 
eaten here is interesting.”
“I feel the same. This store known as MgRonalds is considered rather prestigious in 
this world, it will definitely fit the tastes of the people at the Church Headquarters.”
“I hope so. By the way, just now, you helped in using this country’s currency……”
Emerada stopped Servantes from continuing.
The money on her was borrowed when she stayed at Emi’s apartment before the start 
of the Battle to Defeat God, but Emerada did not tell Servantes that after paying two 
meals which totalled up to 700 yen, 300 yen was returned as change.
“Archbishop Servantes, being able to provide a holy lunch to an Archbishop is an 
honour.”
Simply put, this meal is on me, do not cause trouble for me.
“…… Then, I shall accept this favour.”
Servantes respected Emerada’s opinion, nodding his head and standing up 
immediately.
“I have something to do on my end, please forgive me for taking my leave first. I will 
see you around.”
“Yeah, certainly.”
After ending this conversation, Servantes walked straight towards Iwaki who walked 
to the outside area with a frail expression.
Once Iwaki sensed his imposing steps, her expression turned to despair because she 
predicted the fate which she would face after one minute.
“E, Eme……”
After Emi watched Servantes leave, Emerada spoke in a tone which felt a little cruel.
“Things will not end that simply, you know~?”
“…… Eh?”
“Actually thinking of such an exaggerated thing~. Honestly speaking~ being unable to 
participate in it from the start~ makes me a little unhappy~”
“W, what do you mean?”
Emi remembered Chiho bringing the people from MgRonalds to the Northern 
Continent earlier.
“Does this have anything to do with the meeting where Chiho-chan is the moderator?”
“Do you think it’s unrelated~?”
Emerada said in a rather stunned manner.
“Even if you say that, we have been excluded from the beginning to the end! Chi-chan, 
Ashiya and Suzuno did not contact us at all, what the heck are they doing.”
“Stop joking~”
Emerada harshly rebuked Maou’s complaints.
“Even though it was originally planned for the two of you to stay in Japan~ but not 
even sharing such important information is really too strange~ listen well, okay~?”
The facts Emerada laid out next were much more serious than what Maou and Emi 
thought.
“Earlier on, Din Dem Urs-sama and Archbishop Crestia Bell sent a secret document 
which was signed by the both of them. The content was that in order to sort out the 
chaos in the Central Continent, they wish to organise a summit meeting to decide the 
future of the world. The names of the people who will receive this letter were recorded 
in it. The receivers of the letter were me, Lumark-san, Servantes-sama, the Unifying 
Azure Emperor and Lagides Raz Ryan. Not only that”
The next instant, Maou and Emi felt that they were about to faint.
“The name of the organiser was Demon King Army’s Demon General Chiho Sasaki. 
Her personal signature was on the letter. Do you understand what I mean? This is no 
longer a situation where you can solve it by just saying that you do not know anything.”
Emerada’s stern gaze suppressed Maou and Emi.
“Chiho-san’s 『Second Attack on the Demon Fortress Plan 』is a farce which would 
involve the whole world, she plans to have us become one of the actors, you know? 
Not only does she want the Demon King Army and the human factions in Ente Isla to 
settle things once and for all, there should not be any loss of life, this is like 
accomplishing a delicate task which could only be done by her to create an abnormally 
huge stage.”
※
With the visits from Emerada and Servantes marking the beginning, influential people 
from Ente Isla would visit the MgRonalds in front of Hatagaya station almost every 
day.
Normally the leaders or someone of significant position in an organisation would visit 
first, then their deputy would come over with various methods. Those people did not 
do anything special, only coming to the MgRonalds in front of Hatagaya station to 
greet Maou, Emi and Iwaki and returning.
Based on Emerada’s explanation, they seemed to want to keep watch on Hero Emilia 
before the summit, not allowing her to join any faction.
The reason why not one caused a ruckus like the Hakin Knights in the past was 
because if they did so, they would definitely be criticised during the summit, the 
reputations of the Unifying Azure Emperor, Warrior Leader Lagides and Servantes 
also caused a huge effect on this.
Because the Theocracy was going to launch the Holy Conquest, everyone was sure 
that the Central Continent would descend into chaos.
Every faction knew that if the Church used the justification of the Holy Conquest to 
send knights to the Central Continent, Afsahan’s Unifying Azure Emperor would 
definitely not keep quiet about it.
Of course, the Church and Afsahan wanted to avoid full-blown conflict as much as 
possible, gaining benefits by occupying the Central Continent.
At this moment, a summit meeting suddenly popped up.
Din Dem Urs was the most famous Enclosure Leader in the history of the Northern 
Continent, her political skills were widely acknowledged in the world.
Whether it was the Eastern or Western Continent, none of them wanted to become 
enemies with the leader of the Northern Continent.
From the standpoint of the Church Knights, in order to protect the principle of justice 
of the Holy Conquest, they still hoped to minimise the number of sacrifices, and from 
the standpoint of the Hakin Knights, even if they harboured the ambition of conquering 
the Central Continent sooner or later, they were unable to make any proper 
preparations before the Holy Conquest.
Based on Emerada’s explanation, for the summit meeting spearheaded by Chiho, the 
purpose was to minimise the sacrifices before and after the Battle to Defeat God, the
『Second Attack on the Demon Fortress Plan 』 was created for this purpose.
Everyone related to this summit meeting agreed with this ideology.
The highest ranked leader in every organisation hoped that everyone would calm 
down, taking action in a rational way together. To Maou and the rest who were in 
Japan, this was a fortunate thing.
After all, if they did not do this, Shiba’s clan would definitely not let Maou and the 
others off.
But to Maou, this was the same as him being forced to bear the risks in this situation 
where he did not have a clear picture of anything, just this information alone was 
unable to reassure him at all.
In the end, the last visitor from Ente Isla today was the male priest who was Servantes’ 
subordinate. When they could get off work, Maou and Emi were already mentally 
exhausted.
After all, they kept causing trouble for Iwaki, Kawada and Akiko.
Iwaki said,
“…… It’s alright, I’m already used to it.”
But Maou and Emi swore within their hearts that they could not depend on her good 
intentions too much.
Not only that, if the people related to the summit caused harm to the things around 
MgRonalds, they were unable to take responsibility for it at all.
“…… It feels like, it has been a long time, since I felt this way.”
“Ah?”
That day, Emi mumbled this on the way home after closing the shop.
“That feeling of having to meaninglessly remain alert because it was not known what 
will happen one hour later.”
“Did something happen recently for you to feel that tense?”
Emi glared harshly at Maou who was pushing his bicycle and walking beside her.
“It was during that period when I just found you and Sasazuka.”
Of course, ever since Maou started to use this name Maou Sadao, he never planned 
to do any of the bad things imagined by Emi and the others, but it was not difficult to 
guess that Emi must be worrying the whole day about when Demon King Satan would 
harm the humans, living a life where she could not even sleep properly.
“…… I’m really sorry about that then. Ah, I’m so hungry. I wonder what I will be eating 
tonight, could it be fried noodles again.”
In response to this topic, Maou could only try to shift the focal point.
Libicocco left work first at 10 pm, going home to prepare dinner, Maou intentionally 
started to guess the dishes tonight.
“But compared to that time, just knowing that I can sleep peacefully at night is 
considered very good already.”
“How can you be so sure. Considering what the Hakin Knight Troops did to Ashiya 
and Suzuki Rika in the past, who knows what kind of idiotic things they will do……”
“I think that’s not possible. Think about it. Ever since Eme and Servantes came, no 
one from two different factions visited at the same time. And no one went to my 
apartment for Villa Rosa Sasazuka, right?”
“Now that you mention it, that is the case.”
“Probably their travels here are being controlled. You mentioned before that you were 
ambushed by the Tiphareth Sephirah of Earth, right? We do not know who is in charge 
of which window in Ente Isla, but the window connected here should be managed by 
Shiba-san or Amane-san.”
“If that is the case, then they would not have come to the store, right?”
“…… Even though I feel bad for everyone, I feel that having them come to the store 
is better.”
“Ah?”
“Because if they come to your apartment or my apartment, then what those people 
worry about might really happen. For example, kidnapping us or something.”
“I will not allow those guys to do what they want.”
“Listen to me seriously. I am not too sure about this as well, but in the store, there is 
『a Shop Manager who can command the Demon King and Hero, as well as
colleagues who are similar to them in terms of status 』.”
“…… Yeah.”
Maou remembered that Libicocco had used similar words to threaten the man from 
the Church.
“From the viewpoint of the other party, they would not dare to act carelessly at all. If 
they act carelessly, they will make us angry, and they cannot confirm if the others 
have any hidden abilities. With this, even if they want to take a gamble, the risk and 
the reward are completely disproportionate.”
“I see…… Servantes probably does not know what that summit meeting is about. As 
for the others, they are helping each other to some extent in the shadows, so they 
have to act cautiously.”
“Even so, Servantes only came later than Eme, and is someone who should not be 
underestimated. If it was Caesar or Maulo, they would definitely not do this.”
“Other than Suzuno, I do not know what the other Six Archbishops are thinking at 
all…… so to me, all of them are the same.”
In this instant, Maou seemed to want to speak then stop, exhaling deeply with some 
force.
For a period of time after this, only the sound of the turning of the chains on Dullahan 
II could be heard.
“Hmm. Then, have you replied to Bell properly yet?”
“…………………………………………… Please let me off.”
Maou had hoped that Emi would ignore the part where it looked like he wanted to 
speak then stopped himself, but his opponent was not that easy to handle.
“Normally, for this kind of thing, it should be kept a secret before there is a conclusion. 
What is that idiot thinking?”
If the other party was Chiho, this was considered something which could not be helped, 
but Maou especially did not want Suzuno to tell others about how after she made a 
love confession, the guy ran off without saying anything.
As if she had seen through Maou’s inner thoughts, Emi frowned and said,
“Saying it like that is too terrible.”
“She’s a priestess, but her mouth is too loose.”
“In the world of priests, telling others about the troubles in your heart is a normal thing.”
“Actually calling that a confession (Catholic). Don’t interpret things at your own 
convenience. What kind of life did you have to experience to think that with their 
personality, priests would be able to accept that kind of thing without any protest?”
Maou started to complain in an illogical and incomprehensible way, glaring at Emi 
unhappily.
“When did you hear about it? Was it when Kisaki-san and the others returned from 
Ente Isla?”
“That’s right.”
“You really waited too long to bring it up.”
“After all, the things that happened later were much more troublesome in various ways, 
and the situation this time is completely different from Chiho’s situation.”
After the traffic signal turned green, the two started walking at the same time.
“If you give me a chance to explain myself, I will say that was just an accident. I don’t 
know what you heard, but if you’re looking for me to complain, you found the wrong 
person.”
“What kind of unnecessary line of defence are you drawing? I don’t plan to complain 
to you.”
Because she felt that Maou’s strangely fast way of speaking was amusing, Emi could 
not help but smile.
“But since it’s like this, then let me tell you my first thoughts when I heard about this.”
“Stop talking about that already.”
“You’re actually extremely bad at handling this.”
“…… Damn you.”
Because she felt that the appearance of Maou gritting his teeth was amusing, Emi’s 
smile deepened.
Then,
“Demon King.”
“You’re annoying.”
“Someone’s here.”
“I know.”
The other party was hidden in a dark corner of Hatagaya at night.
There were endless street lamps installed on Koshu Kaido, and there were still cars 
and pedestrians on the street.
But Maou and Emi could sense that a gaze was currently looking in their direction 
without holding anything back.
“They have been too flashy over there after all. Are we being followed by someone 
with a lower guard?”
“If that is the case, then I will think that this opponent is really too careless. Such an 
obvious aura…… hm? Eh? W, wait a moment……”
Emi suddenly stopped, frantically looking around then, the next moment,
“No, no good!”
A weak glow appeared in front of Emi’s chest, then a soft sound of a balloon popping 
was heard at the same time.
“O, oi, Emi!? Was that Alas=Ramus just now……”
The sound just now was the sound produced whenever Alas=Ramus appeared.
It was midnight now.
“Did she wake up and start to cry?”
“E, even though she would do that occasionally, it is a rare occurrence recently…… 
eh? Alas=Ramus?”
Emi’s voice quivered because she felt perplexed.
“…… Where are you?”
“What?”
Emi sensed that her arms holding her 『beloved daughter』 were lighter than usual, 
and her heart started to waver.
After Maou noticed a hard object roll around Emi’s feet, he sensed that the situation 
was not right, his expression changing greatly.
“T, there’s only clothes……?”
In Emi’s arms, there was only the one piece dress which Alas=Ramus wore in the 
morning.

The Rilakkuma water bottle and snack bag used by Alas=Ramus and the bag 
containing her change of clothes fell around Emi’s feet.
“W, why are they separated like this? By the way, even these things can be kept in 
the body?”
Compared to Maou who felt shocked at a weird place. Emi’s face instantly turned blue.
“…… Gone…… gone!”
“Ah?”
“Only Alas=Ramus is gone! The clothes and water bottle were on her!”
“…… What did you say? Are you sure it’s not because she took off her own clothes 
when she was sleeping?”
It was not confirmed if this could be done in a merged state, but to Maou, who still did 
not understand the situation, Emi shook her head and shouted.
“As long as we’re in a merged state, I will know if that is the case or not! This should 
be the same for you too! Alas=Ramus!? Alas=Ramus, where are you!?”
Emi constantly looked for signs of her missing daughter, pushing the gaze she sensed 
just now completely to the back of her mind.
“C, calm down. As long as you merge with her again……”
“I already tried it! But I can’t do it!”
“Damn it, are you serious.”
With things as they were now, Maou finally started to understand the seriousness of 
the situation, picking up the water bottle and the bag containing the clothes, surveying 
his surroundings.
Logically, it was impossible for Alas=Ramus to get lost.
But the reason Emi lost her composure was not completely due to the fact that an 
unexpected situation occurred.
“Could it be…… could it be that the person did something……!”
She remembered the feeling from when Alas=Ramus was taken away before.
Remembered the underground of the Demon World.
Herself who could not resist against the mysterious astronaut at all.
Sephirah could easily remove each other’s merged state.
Merging is the connection of the foundation of their life force, the arrogance caused 
by this feeling of absolute safety wavered, causing Emi’s mental state to suffer a larger 
blow.
“Yeah!”
At this moment, Maou suddenly realised one thing.
“Emi! Calm down a little! There’s no need to worry too much right now!”
“What do you mean no need to worry! Demon King! We should quickly split up and 
look for her……!”
“You were still able to try and merge with her, right! This shows that the two of you are 
still connected!!”
“…… Ugh!”
This sentence lessened Emi’s unease slightly.
“No one has taken her away. Alas=Ramus’ will is still connected with you. Even though 
we had imagined that this would happen, she only lost her way!”
“Is…… that so”
“We can only think of it that way! Oi, first use methods such as Idea Link to contact 
the others! I will wake up Nord and Amane-san to help find her! Ah~ damn it! If only 
Ashiya or Suzuno were around!”
Maou took out his phone angrily, Emi watched his side profile, wiping away the tears 
at the corner of her eyes, then exhaled forcefully to change her mood.
“…… Alas=Ramus, where did you go……!?”
Even if she called out, there was no response.
And she could not be seen anywhere.
But the two of them were still connected.
“Demon King! I will search around the nearby areas!”
“Alright! As for me……”
Maou swept his gaze over his surroundings, and after confirming that Alas=Ramus 
was not nearby, he switched to looking for the gaze they detected just now.
“I will chase after that person who was secretly watching us!”
“Y, yeah.”
The other party was still looking at this area.
It was not known if the owner of the gaze was related to the disappearance of 
Alas=Ramus.
“Hello! I’m sorry for calling at night! It’s an emergency!”
Maou remained wary of that gaze, calling Nord at the same time, explaining what had 
happened to him.
“We still don’t understand the situation that well, but she might walk to the area around 
the apartment by herself, please help to look for her…… okay, next is Amane-san……”
After Maou anxiously explained to Nord who picked up the phone immediately, he 
started to search for Amane’s phone number,
“Uwah!”
But Amane actually called first, surprising Maou.
“Hello, Amane-san! Actually a situation occurred on my end…… eh?”
For a moment, Maou could not understand what he heard.
But it was impossible for Amane to call Maou and tell him such things.
“Oi, Emi!!”
Maou shouted loudly to stop Emi who was running in the opposite direction.
“What!”
“Wait, Emi! She was found!”
“…… Eh!?”
“Alas=Ramus was found!”
“W, where is she!?”
Emi rushed over with an overwhelming aura and Maou pointed at the phone next to 
his ear with an expression of disbelief.
“…… She is sleeping with Acies, at Landlay-san’s house.”
This answer caused Emi to become speechless as well.
※
One o’clock at dawn.
While listening to the sound of Acies eating onigiri for supper in the background, Maou 
and Emi watched Alas=Ramus sleeping on the bed with frail expressions on their 
faces.
The two of them were originally worried that Alas=Ramus would not have any clothes 
to wear, but for unknown reasons, she was wearing a yellow one-piece dress which 
should have been kept in the drawer in Emi’s apartment.
There were many things which could not be understood, but Emi had collapsed on the 
floor simply because she was relieved over finding Alas=Ramus.
As for Maou, he disliked Shiba’s house in the first place, he was worried that there 
might be other Earth Sephirah on standby in the other rooms, this strange uneasiness 
causing him to feel irritated.
In the end, he was also unable to chase after that mysterious gaze, when they reached 
Shiba’s house, that gaze could not be felt anymore.
“Maou, your complexion looks rather bad?”
“A lot of things are making me feel irritated.”
“I see~”
“Why doesn’t your stomach hurt from all that eating.”
“Who knows?”
Ignoring Acies who did not hold anything back while speaking, Maou and Emi faced 
Amane with serious expressions.
“You guys should be very anxious, but our side was nearly frightened half to death. 
An intense light suddenly appeared in the room and made me think that Acies finally 
exploded.”
“Amane is really too rude.”
But it was not strange for Amane to say this.
Even though she had stabilised a lot compared to her peak period, Acies would still 
eat 30 onigiri in the middle of the night like right now, and once she was hungry, she 
would emit a beam from her face to damage her surroundings.
Acies was currently sleeping in the room she usually used when staying over at 
Shiba’s house, this place was covered with horrible traces of damage.
“So, Amane-san.”
“Hm?”
“What is going on?”
“Your question is too strange, you know? What do you think is going on? Isn’t that 
what you should be asking?”
“I have too many things I want to ask.”
After Maou said this sternly, Amane checked her surroundings, then replied.
“Maa, so sorry, not contacting all of you recently.”
“That is not what I wanted to say.”
“Maa, listen to me first. Including Chiho’s incident from earlier, what I am going to say 
next might be related to Acies’ condition. Of course, it also includes the phenomenon 
which Alas=Ramus caused for the first time.”
“Amane-san, do you know something?”
Emi’s tone sounded rather sorrowful, causing Amane’s expression to become more 
serious.
“Let me say this first, we do not actually know anything as well. We are only guessing 
what might happen next based on experience, there is no guarantee that this is 
definitely correct…… that’s why we adjusted the itinerary and had Uncle George come 
over.”
“Uncle George?”
“Maou-kun saw my uncle before, right. Would it be easier to understand if I said 
Earth’s Tiphareth?”
“Ah!”
Maou remembered the day before Chiho and Suzuno went out of control, he had 
planned to barge into Shiba’s home but was stopped by a blond man.
“That guy…… could it be him just now……”
Even though he felt this was in bad taste, could it be that gaze which they did not feel 
any animosity or killing aura came from that blond man who hung around Maou 
recently but did not allow anyone near him?
“For that part, I can only ask you to imagine it on your own.”
Amane being Amane, it seemed like she could see through Maou’s thoughts.
“We do not know if this is a good change or bad change. Aunt Mikitty seems to think 
that this is a good sign, the problem is with the humans on this side…… Chiho-chan 
was also pulled into this. We have many things that we cannot say, and honestly 
speaking, I do not know many things as well. After all, I am not Binah, my father is.”
“I don’t care about the world’s mysteries. I am only worried about Alas=Ramus……”
After Emi said this, Amane nodded.
“Maa, I know that. So listen to me first. What Chiho-chan wants to do. What is the 
impact of her actions, what incidents would that cause afterwards. What is going on 
with Acies’ condition and Alas=Ramus-chan’s condition…… haah, either way, it looks 
like Alas=Ramus-chan will probably not wake up tonight.”
Amane prompted Maou and Emi to leave the room.
“Let’s go to the living room and chat over tea. After all, this should be a rather 
unpleasant topic to the both of you. Acies, I’ll depend on you to take care of your older 
sister.”
“Alright, leave it to me.”
Maou and Emi walked through the dim corridor and entered the living room, and after 
sitting on the dark coloured sofa together, Amane took out the teacups, the teabags 
from the brand produced by the supermarket Maou frequented as well as a thermos 
flask.
“It is very late now after all.”
It was brewed with tea bags, but the tea Amane placed in front of them smelled good.
“Then firstly, it would be why Chiho-chan wanted to do such a thing…… many factors 
were involved, but before that, Maou-kun and Yusa-chan, I want to confirm one thing 
with both of you.”
“Yes.”
“What is it……”
“The day Urushihara-kun wreaked havoc in Sasazuka, do you remember it?”
“Eh?”
“O, of course.”
To both of them, this was something that was not easily forgotten.
Under Olba’s incitement, Urushihara wreaked havoc in Japan in order to kill Maou and 
Emi.
Chiho also knew about the true identities of Maou and the others on that day.
“With regards to what happened that time, I heard other people describe it, but ever 
since I first heard Aunt Mikitty mention this, I felt it was a little strange. Actually this 
question still resides in my heart. I am still an adult who has worked in society before, 
so I tried to think about how things became like this based on the common sense of 
the world.”
Amane constantly spoke some vague statements and did not allow Maou and Emi to 
interrupt.
After drinking a mouthful of her own tea, she looked towards the pair with amusement 
in her eyes.
“Whatever you did to Chiho-chan that day has returned to both of you now.”
“What we did”
“to Chiho-chan that day?”
Maou and Emi exchanged glances with each other, then said simultaneously.
““Causing her to experience very terrifying things.””
“……………… Uh, that is not wrong as well. In fact, both of you are really afraid now, 
but, that is not what I meant.”
Amane’s voice contained some complex feelings of surprise.
“Even though I know the relationship between both of you is not that type which could 
be called stuck to each other, but perhaps that kind of relationship might be better 
suited for both of you?”
“”Huh?””
“………… Nothing, forget it. Either way, it’s not that kind of small matter, both of you 
still do not know?”
After Amane asked again, the two thought about it for a while.
“Letting her know about Ente Isla? Such as knowing the true identity of the Demon 
King and that I am the Hero.”
“Yeah, that’s a little close.”
“Now that this was mentioned, at that time, I did think about if someone found out, I 
had to erase that person’s memories.”
“It seemed to have gotten further away?”
“…… So what is it?”
Amane nodded and put down her cup.
“After becoming an adult, it will be difficult to make friends.”
Then the topic suddenly turned in a completely unrelated direction.
“You would be able to make many good friends, you know? Whether it is at work or in 
private. However, after starting to earn your own money, after understanding this world 
more, the task of making friends would become much more difficult compared to when 
you were young.”
This was probably being used as an anecdote for something.
Amane’s words made it completely impossible to predict the direction this was going 
to take next, then she quietly asked a surprising question.
“For example…… Maou-kun, what is your annual income?”
“Hah!?”
Speaking of abrupt, these words were excessively abrupt.
“W, why did you ask that so suddenly!?”
“You don’t like this question? Last year, you worked hard for the whole year, right?”
“Uh, rather than saying I do not like it, it’s more like it does not matter even if I said it, 
it’s just”
“By the way, my income last year was close to 3 million yen.”
“P, please stop talking about this……”
Annual income, to a working adult, this topic was really too sensitive.
“It seems like that is hard to answer. Then it’s Yusa-chan’s turn next.”
“Y, yes.”
“Did you have a boyfriend in the past?”
“Haah!?”
“Did you date anyone in your hometown before? Did you confess to anyone or was 
confessed to by anyone?”
“N, nothing like that happened! Why did you ask that so suddenly!?”
“I see, that seems like the truth. When I was Yusa-chan’s age, I had been confessed 
to by three guys before.”
All of this was unusual but unimportant information, and it was a very sensitive topic 
as well.
Seeing that the pair felt very perplexed about these topics, Amane quickly changed 
her tone and said.
“For these topics, can you chat about them amongst your adult friends?”
““…… Even though…… it’s not like it cannot be done at all……”
Topics related to money and romantic relationships were double-edge swords which 
could cause cracks in interpersonal relationships.
Maou and Emi also did not understand what these sensitive topics had to do with 
Chiho’s actions.
“Chiho-chan would definitely talk about these, you know? These topics.”
“W, what does that mean?”
“Receiving how much red packet money, given how much allowance every month, 
earning how much money in part-time jobs, even to friends which are not especially 
close, these things would be normally talked about. Even if this is not mentioned after 
growing up, but which friend is now dating which person, to a girl, this is a topic which 
they can talk very excitedly about…… no, during the period just after graduation from 
university, guys might talk about it too. Some people will talk about how they made a 
lot of money in pachinko or horse racing, or their average annual salary in their 
workplace……”
Amane frowned momentarily, she probably has some unpleasant memories, but she 
shook her head immediately, looking at the pair again.
“However, normally speaking, one would quickly not mention or hear these topics. It 
will be easier to build good relationships this way, after all, to be honest, all of this is 
unnecessary information. But you did that to Chiho-chan. You build up a relationship 
of 『special friends who would share secrets which would not usually be told to others 』
with her. In other words, 『friends who can talk to each other about anything』, 
something which only exists between children. You guys who have not lived long in 
Japan might be unable to understand this, but this kind of relationship can be 
considered a miracle. It cannot be bought with money at all. Based on one’s way of 
life, some people will never make such friends in their whole life. So Chiho-chan said 
this”
Amane looked towards Maou and Emi in order, and she could also see Villa Rosa 
Sasazuka from the window of the living room.
“She hopes that she would be able to eat meals together with that kind of person on 
that side anytime.”
“……!”
“I kept thinking about why you guys did not erase Chiho-chan’s memories, but I can 
only think of one reason. You hoped that you could stay in Chiho-chan’s memories, 
then took care of her, treating her as a special existence. Chiho-chan also understood 
this point, especially how she likes Maou-kun until it’s like love love kyun, right? Given 
special treatment like this by others, how could she feel unhappy?”
“What do you mean by love love kyun.”
Maou first rebuked Amane’s choice of words.
“But on the contrary, it can also be said that you pushed all your hopes onto Chihochan with all your might. You guys should understand, right? That child is actually 
harbouring a huge secret on her own.”
“…… With regards to that…… we reflected on that before.”
Emi mumbled softly.
“Even so, we are still depending on Chiho’s tolerance the whole time in the end…… 
so”
“Maa, I know that you guys treasure Chiho-chan a lot because of this. In your own 
ways. And all of this is what Chiho-chan currently wants to do to you guys in return.”
“What, is that supposed to mean?”
“Chiho-chan treasures all of you a lot. That is obviously so for Maou-kun, she also 
does not wish to be unable to see Yusa-chan, Ashiya-kun, Kamazuki-chan and 
Urushihara-kun anymore. All of you wanted to build a relationship with Chiho-chan 
where 『your true self need not be hidden』, Chiho-chan also did not hide her feelings 
of 『wanting to be with all of you forever』, both of you then entrusted your hopes on 
each other like this. Maa, the one who gave us this opportunity seems to be Kamazukichan……”
“Bell?”
“……!”
Emi’s eyes widened in surprise and Maou froze completely, only using his gaze to 
confirm Emi’s situation. Perhaps she had sensed Maou’s reaction, the edges of 
Amane’s mouth showed a smile.
“Hm~ I was surprised too, you know? Kamazuki-chan who has a stuffy personality? 
Why would she help Chiho-chan so actively? I really do not know?”
Stop lying, you definitely know.
Maou was sure about this.
At that same time, he had the urge in his heart to let loose and complain about Suzuno 
having loose lips.
“Chiho-chan seems to believe that even if God was successfully defeated and the 
Sephirah children were rescued later, Maou-kun and the rest of you will not be able 
to continue staying in Japan.”
“That……”
That would not happen, Emi had wanted to say this, but she immediately swallowed 
her words.
The situation of Ente Isla after that might be even more unstable compared to when 
the Demon King Army appeared.
The main reason was, of course, the Holy Conquest initiated by the Church Knights, 
but even if this point was not considered, the Battle to Defeat God would still bury 
seeds of conflict in Ente Isla because of the 『Demon Settlement』.
The people dispatched to the Central Continent have fought to claim credit and 
achievements for the restoration task since a long time ago, including Afsahan, many 
factions wanted to absorb that place into their own territory.
Under this situation, after Maou and the others succeeded in defeating God, could 
they really continue to stay in Japan like before?
That was impossible.
Maou and Ashiya had to run around for the demons who were scattered around the 
world. Without these two, Urushihara was unable to live alone in Japan as well.
Suzuno and Emerada were part of the small number of people who could act as 
mediators between humans and demons, they needed to complete this responsibility.
As for Emi and Alas=Ramus……
“Yusa-chan, if you had to choose between Chiho-chan and Alas=Ramus-chan, what 
will you do?”
This question was really too evil.
Alas=Ramus was not Emi’s biological daughter.
But, still.
“Chiho-chan had a full understanding of all of your situations, and with this as the 
premise, she worked hard to integrate your wishes and responsibilities together with 
her own wishes. As long as your problems in Ente Isla can be resolved peacefully, 
Chiho-chan will be able to eat meals with all of you whenever she wants, she is trying 
hard to make the world move in this direction. I will occasionally receive periodic 
reports from Ashiya-kun, Kamazuki-chan and Emerada-chan. She seems to be 
working very hard in facing those important people, you know.”
At this point, Amane looked towards Maou with a serious expression.
“Maou-kun, I might be meddling too much, but such a capable girl definitely cannot be 
found anywhere else. This is no longer at the level where you won’t be able to find it 
even if you wear down your steel shoes. If you continue to be idle like this, when she 
sees through the fact that you’re actually not all that capable, you will get abandoned 
immediately, you know?”
“Get abandoned…… I……”
“Because you have that kind of personality, you were unable to respond to Kamazukichan properly!”
She had said 『I really do not know』 three minutes ago, if only she did not expose 
herself so easily.
With this, even Emi started to have doubts,
“Could it be that you actually did something to Bell……”
Even asking that kind of question.
“I, I did not do anything……”
Maou replied weakly,
“That’s right, if we want to be technical about it, it should be other people doing 
something to him, Maou-kun did not do anything at all.”
“Amane-san! I’m going to get angry!”
Because he did not want Emi to know more about other troublesome things, Maou 
shouted loudly and interrupted Amane, but this did not help the situation at all.
Emi still had an expression as if she could not accept it, it was not hard to imagine that 
this only caused her to doubt Maou further.
“Maa, erhm, anyway, we already know the reason for Chi-chan’s actions, and also 
understand that we need to take partial responsibility. In addition, we also did not have 
her promise that she definitely should not tell others.”
“Maa, that is true. Thinking about it carefully, I don’t think I specially asked Rika to 
keep a secret either.”
People normally would not believe it even if they heard these things.
Maou and the others held on until now based on this fact alone.
Thinking to this point, Maou suddenly realised something and breathed in sharply.
“Ah.”
“Eh?”
“…… That’s right…… I have not apologised…… to Chi-chan’s mother yet.”
“…… Ah!”
“That is really bad…… putting aside Kisaki-san, we can’t be like that with Chi-chan’s 
side…… this is bad.”
“T, that’s right. Even though we have not met recently, Chiho-chan and her mother 
should have returned to Japan, right…… we need to apologise to Chiho-chan’s 
parents over what happened in the past……”
Maou and Emi turned pale, just like the time when they realised that Alas=Ramus had 
disappeared.
Seeing them like this, Amane looked towards them with some pity.
The problem was not simply because they caused Chiho to encounter danger a few 
times.
Maou and Emi had pretended to be sensible adults in the past, making Chiho do many 
things that were outside of what was considered normal for high school students.
Especially that matter when they spent a few nights in Choshi and were acquainted 
with Amane-san because of that.
At that time, Chiho’s mother trusted Emi and Suzuno, treating them as working adults, 
that was why she entrusted Chiho to them.
As for Maou’s end, even if Chiho did it willingly, he still hid his identity as the Demon 
King and allowed her to visit the apartment many times, this was really something 
which should not be encouraged.
“Other than that, we still had her treat us and help introduce work to us…… but I……”
To elaborate further, Maou also owed a debt to Chiho’s father, but it was not 
convenient to publicise this and could not be said here.
“With regards to Alas=Ramus, we also told her a lot of lies…… we don’t know how 
many times we had asked Chiho-chan to help take care of her, but in order to hide 
things successfully, I probably made Chiho-chan tell her mother a lot of lies……”
“The Demon King and Hero actually gathered to feel troubled over such cute things.”
Amane said this with a troubled smile, but Maou and Emi were serious about it.
Then, to the pair who felt troubled, Amane spoke of something even crueler.
“Even though both of you seemed to be feeling troubled over how to apologise to 
Chiho-chan’s mother, but sorry, I have not finished what I wanted to say. This is with 
regards to Alas=Ramus-chan’s situation.
“……. Eh.”
“Acies has been constantly eating abnormal amounts of food during this period, and 
today, Alas=Ramus-chan could not separate normally…… all of this is the same as 
Iron’s situation from before, the omens of a Sephirah losing control.”
“Not losing control, but an omen of that?”
Having to eat 60 cups of rice a day was still not considered losing control, it was just
an omen.
“Before, Iron lost control because he was separated from the world for too long, but 
that situation is a little different, this also has a slight relation to what Chiho is doing 
now. This also matches Uncle George’s explanation.”
“Eh? Eh?”
Chiho’s actions were actually related to the Sephirah losing control, this caused Maou 
and Emi to feel perplexed.
“Amongst the Sephirah, Yesod and Malkuth are very sensitive to the actions of 
『humans』. After all, their corresponding elements are the astral world and matter.”
“Oh……”
“I do not know how it was done, but after Ente Isla’s Yesod was shattered, two 
personifications Alas=Ramus and Acies were born. The things which should have 
been shouldered by Yesod are now split between two people…… haah, this part is 
actually more complicated, so it can’t be helped……”
Amane, who had spoken openly about many things so far, suddenly started to 
stammer at this point.
“Currently, Chiho-chan’s main reason for doing what she is doing is to not separate 
from Maou-kun and the rest of you, but in the end, that world over there will become 
peaceful and humans and demons will unite, overcoming the restrictions of being 
different races. Therefore, Alas=Ramus-chan and Acies are starting to be affected by 
that side. As Sephirah of Ente Isla, they possess such characteristics in the first place, 
the important aspect of being connected to the human spirit is being strongly exhibited 
now…… for Acies’ situation, she became a big eater.”
““No, she is clearly eating too much.””
It was not known how many times the two of them have rebuked tonight while in sync 
with each other.
“Think about Acies’ previous situation properly. She was born from an incomplete 
fragment and had stayed together with Nord in Japan for such a long time. Even if 
what was accumulated over a few years suddenly burst out now, there is nothing 
strange about that, right?”
“I think it is already strange enough……”
“After all, when living in Japan, it is difficult to appreciate how truly valuable it is to be 
able to eat one’s fill.”
Amane continued to speak with a satisfied expression.
“So Acies’ part is something like this. The problem is Alas=Ramus-chan. To both of 
you and Chiho-chan, this is considered an issue. Obtaining feelings of satisfaction 
through eating, that is Acies’ responsibility. If so, based on Alas=Ramus-chan’s mental 
age and body…… the part she is responsible for should not be difficult to guess…….”
Amane showed a complex smile which was slightly different from a troubled smile, 
looking towards Emi.
“Could it be that all of you rarely play with Alas=Ramus-chan recently?”
“Eh, of course n……”
But before finishing her sentence, Emi realised with a start.
“Now that you mentioned it…… Bell, Eme and Alsiel are not around recently, so I am 
unable to play with her for too long, Father is also busy taking care of Acies, so we 
are in a merged state the whole time when I am at work……”
“How about when you were in Ente Isla earlier?”
“Because I was busy handling the issues with Kinanah, so I could not play with her at 
all……”
“Chiho-chan is working hard to integrate all the various factions in Ente Isla now to 
restore peace there, so it will definitely cause a huge effect on Alas=Ramus as well. 
After all, she was a fragment who had been neglected for a very long time. If a child 
was made to bear with this the whole time, they would probably build up a lot of stress.”
“…… Please be clearer on this. For the problem of Acies’ appetite increasing, it can 
be solved as long as she eats well, right? Then Alas=Ramus’ current situation now, 
how should it be dealt with?”
Maou lost his patience and asked this, after Amane first replied, you need to be 
mentally prepared for this, she continued.
“Humans…… especially children, cannot be starved. Because Acies expressed this 
characteristic, she became like this now. Then, for what reason do you think 
Alas=Ramus-chan 『did this』 to make Papa and Mama worry?”
“Did this…… you mean the abnormal separation this time was caused by 
Alas=Ramus?”
“She wants to attract the attention of Papa and Mama, making both of you concerned 
about her, feeling the overflowing love from her parents. That is why she did such an 
abnormal action.”
“Oh……”
“This problem can only be solved by the two of you. Even though I feel bad for Chihochan and Kamazuki-chan, I can only ask them to give up.”
At this moment, a bad feeling surged up in Maou’s heart.
That feeling told him, even though there were already many situations around him 
which were difficult to understand, what he was going to face from now on would still 
be the worst nightmare.
On the contrary, Amane looked at the pair with a gaze which could be described as 
sadistic.
“Maou-kun, Yusa-chan.”
That order seemed to come from the end of another world which was scarier than Hell, 
equivalent to a death sentence.
“Both of you, go live under one roof.”
““……””
A pair of instantaneous screams came from one man and one woman, but the Yesod 
sisters in the room continued to sleep deeply.
※
“Chiho, are you free now?”
“Yes.”
Hearing someone knock on the door, Chiho looked up from the table.
“Are you still preparing for exams?”
Din Dem Urs walked into an office which was five times larger than the room in Chiho’s 
house.
“Even if you did not do this, you have already accumulated enough actual experience 
to make a living here.”
“These words sound just like Grandma saying that you will retire early and leisurely 
spend your days in Japan, there is no sense of reality at all.”
The comments Din Dem Urs gave on Chiho’s ability far exceeded what Chiho 
understood about herself. When Chiho stayed in Ente Isla, she would visit 
occasionally, using various methods to headhunt Chiho.
This persistence resembled Sariel a little, so Chiho had an idea of how to deal with it.
“You’re returning tomorrow morning, right? I helped you arrange the information and 
the souvenirs. Go back and eat them together with your mother.”
“Thank you.”
Under the strict guard of the Gakusan Corps, the official residence of the Northern 
Continent at Noza Quarters was currently making preparations for the impending 
summit meeting.
“Is Grandma returning to Fiensi after this?”
“Even though this is rather hard on an elderly person, since I already forced you to do 
so many things, it cannot be helped…… I did not come here today to drink tea like I 
usually do, I came to deliver some strange news.”
“Strange news……?”
“This is information which Bell sent over in a panicked manner. It seems like some 
emergency occurred in Japan.”
“Grandma didn’t look at the contents in advance?”
Chiho was currently under Din Dem Urs’ care, so she was staying at the official 
residence of the Northern Continent.
Even so, because Din Dem Urs would also be attending the summit meeting, so Chiho 
had to interact with her in the same way as how she would treat the other attendees.
“No, I read it already.”
A perplexed demeanour surfaced slightly on Din Dem Urs’ wrinkle covered face, 
pulling out the piece of paper which had the information written on it.
“It feels like it should not be something that serious…… Bell is also a member of the 
summit meeting, so I cannot make contact with her carelessly. With regards to Bell 
panicking, I heard about it from her subordinate.”
“I see……”
Din Dem Urs seemed to be acting abnormally and did not go straight to the point, so 
Chiho decided to accept the piece of paper first.
“It was personally written by Suzuno-san huh.”
“Even though it was information sent by someone in Japan, it feels like something 
which does not require urgent notification.”
Ever since she started coming over to Ente Isla regularly, Chiho had more 
opportunities to see goatskin paper, so she was familiar with this type of paper now.
Chiho skimmed the contents,
“…… Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah”
Then she sighed so deeply that it was as if this sigh could blow all her fatigue for the 
day away.
“Amane-san…… actually doing something this unnecessary…… Suzuno-san as well, 
at this point, why does she still panic over this kind of thing.”
“Hm?”
“Ah…… I don’t really want to go back tomorrow.”
“But don’t you have to attend school, cram school and club activities?”
“That is true…… but I don’t want people to think that I rushed back because I knew 
about this.”
“Huh?”
“…… Haah, forget it, Since Amane-san can contact Suzuno-san directly about this, 
this means that Ente Isla is still barely considered peaceful now, knowing this is also 
a plus point.”
“What is Bell so panicked over?”
“For the sake of Suzuno-san’s reputation, I should help her keep a secret. It should 
not cause much impact. Haah.”
Chiho sighed lightly again, looking out of the window of the office.
Even though Noza Quarters was a huge city, the starry sky here was ten times more 
beautiful compared to Tokyo.
“Ah, but…… everyone would probably panic after knowing this…… hm?”
At this moment, Chiho’s mind was suddenly bothered by something.
“Live under one roof…… live under one roof…… together, together……”
“Chiho, what’s wrong? Did you get food poisoning?”
The moment Chiho turned around with a troubled smile because of this sudden 
concern which followed the style of an elderly person,
“Stomach…… that’s right, Grandma, that’s it!”
“Hm?”
“Grandma, can I ask you for a favour? Actually……”
Din Dem Urs basically pampered Chiho a lot.
As long as it was nothing too out there, she would normally fulfil Chiho’s requests, and 
Chiho’s request this time was something which Din Dem Urs could easily do.
“…… As long as the process is followed properly…… the organiser in name would be 
Noza Quarters and me, the guardian…… perhaps things might become unexpectedly 
interesting.”
After Din Dem Urs listened to what Chiho said, she showed a rare perplexed 
expression at the start, but immediately began to nod in understanding.
“Alright, I will try to negotiate. I will ask Irwin to do his best to prepare everything in 
advance.”
“Thank you! If anything is lacking, I will also buy and bring them over!”
“Alright! I am suddenly looking forward to this!”


Demon King and Hero, Living Under One Roof
Taking one stop from Meidaimae station on the Keio Inokashira line.
Alighting at Eifuku stop which was a rapid train stop, then walking around five minutes, 
an apartment could be seen.
Urban Heights Eifuku.
That was the residence of the Hero from the foreign world of Holy Cross Continent 
Ente Isla, Emilia Justina. In other words, it was the base of the Hero.
“A, amazing.”
“……”
Once someone saw that grand-looking apartment, they could not help but exclaim, 
causing Emi to show a very irritated expression.
“There’s a convenience store two minutes walk away.”
“D, don’t think I’ll be intimidated because there is an automatic lock. I frequently see 
this when I go on deliveries.”
“Who is allowed to use the sofa in the main hall!?”
“There are actually three elevators!?”
“Can you be quiet for a bit!?”
Emi shouted agitatedly, and the person standing next to her jumped and quietened 
down.
After taking the elevator to the fifth floor, Emi stood in front of the main door of the 
corner-most room and stuck the key into the keyhole in a determined manner.
“Let me say this first.”
Emi spoke before she turned the key.
“Once you act suspiciously…… even if Alas=Ramus is right there…… I will take your 
life immediately.”
“It’s been a long time since you said that kind of thing.”
“Of course…… I didn’t expect things to turn out like this.”
Emi finally gave up and opened the door.
“Why in the world do I have to invite the Demon King to my own house!!”
Just as Emi shouted and opened the door, Maou, who was standing next to her and 
carrying a large backpack, looked at the large space behind the door in surprise.
“Your home is too huge!!”
Even if he was only seeing it from outside the door, he still noticed that just the size 
of the kitchen alone was larger than Villa Rosa Room 201.
In addition, there was a spacious washbasin and a large refrigerator.
“…… Slippers.”
“Eh?”
“It was bought on the way here, right? Put on the slippers.”
“A, ahh……”
So it was like that, on the step of the porch, there were two pairs of one large and one 
small slippers which looked like they have been used for some time.
“I, I feel like I cannot relax at all.”
“You better not step on that while wearing your socks. Else I will immediately ask you 
to wipe it clean with anti-bacterial wet wipes.”
The pressure of this voice which did not allow any protests caused Maou to obediently 
take out the slippers he bought on the way, slipping them onto his foot with an 
unfamiliar motion.
When Maou stepped on the porch nervously, Emi closed the door from behind him as 
if she had already given up.
At this moment, the surroundings naturally became less ventilated. This caused Maou 
to start noticing 『the scent of this home』.
“I am a little surprised.”
“…… What.”
“For me, this is the first time, I have come to your home.”
“…… That’s right. Even though you do not need such a chance in your whole life.”
“Sigh, I am living here as a guest. So I will obediently listen to the master of this house, 
please take care of me.”
“……”
After closing the door, Emi hesitated, wondering if she should lock it.
“Hey, are you not locking it? Even if it is an automatic lock, that’s too careless.”
Maou, unable to read the atmosphere, asked this,
“…… do you have the right to say such a thing.”
And Emi, looking unhappy, locked the door so forcefully that it seemed like she was 
going to pull off the lock.
“…… How did things turn out like this……”
Emi remembered the terrible situation three days ago and could not help but kneel at 
the porch.
※
“Even if this is for Alas=Ramus’ sake, I definitely cannot do this. Please tell me about 
the other methods.”
“Even though I am basically not that willing as well, is there a need to say that so 
calmly and clearly?”
“Ahahahahahaha!!”
Emi’s determined tone caused Maou to show an unhappy expression in response, 
and Amane seemed to have expected them to reply this way, holding her stomach 
and laughing loudly.
“Yaa, this is good! Because I heard that the relationship between both of you have 
already improved compared to the beginning, I thought that your reactions would be 
more normal, that gaze is really lifeless!”
“I don’t know what kind of reaction you are expecting, but only this is no good. It 
definitely cannot be done.”
Emi shook her head in a direct manner and rejected this.
“Why…… why do I have to fall to such tragedy and live together with this man!”
“He is your husband, right?”
“I admit that he is Alas=Ramus’ father, but I resolutely reject that interpretation.”
“Complicated! After actually hearing this again, I really think that the relationship 
between both of you is too complicated!”
“Amane-san, you are teasing us, right? This matter is related to Alas=Ramus, so it is 
very important. I am sorry that we came to disturb you at such a late time, but please 
be more serious.”
“Ahahahaha!!”
“Amane-san!!”
The more Emi tried to keep her composure, the harder Amane laughed.
“Ah~ sorry, sorry, this is another type of reaction I did not expect, so I felt it was very 
funny. Ahh, but sorry, I am actually very serious right now.”
After Amane placated Emi, she sat in a proper posture and leaned forward slightly.
“Maou-kun, Yusa-chan, Alas=Ramus-chan. The three of you have to live together as 
a family.”
“…… Is the ethics behind this okay? Putting this in another way, this is the same as 
you telling me and Emi to cohabitate, right?”
Even though his tone was not as cold as Emi’s, Maou also did not want to live together 
with Emi, so he tried to ask about it in this way.
“Take it as a plea from me, even if you are just stating an example, I totally do not 
want you to say anything about cohabitating with me.”
As if Emi was replacing Acies in throwing up everything she had eaten, Emi showed 
a very strongly disgusted expression.
“Ehh……?”
Then for unknown reasons, Amane frowned instantly.
“The King of demons who cruelly killed humans in the whole world, why are you only 
starting to talk about ethics now.”
“Is this the time to talk about such things? These two matters are completely unrelated, 
right?”
“No, well, even though there are also people who are strongly against this even now 
because their family education is more conservative, and normally speaking the 
people who cohabitate before marriage have a very good relationship in the first place, 
but isn’t the relationship between the two of you really bad? Then even if you live 
together, there shouldn’t be any problems, right?”
“Amane-san, have you noticed that what you’re saying is very strange?”
“Before cohabitating, I don't even want the Demon King to step into my own private 
territory for even one second.”
“Eh~ but Yusa-chan frequently goes to Maou-kun’s place, right?”
“The Hero invading the Demon Fortress is normal! But which Hero would allow the 
Demon King to enter their home!!”
“Yeah, that makes sense.”
Maou momentarily expressed his agreement, but Amane’s gaze turned evil, showing 
an expression like her plan had worked.
“…… Ufufufufu, Yusa-chan. This is called shooting yourself in the foot.”
“W, what is it!”
“I did not specify where to live, right? Why are you deciding that the three of you will 
live at your house……!”
“…… Ah.”
Maou, coming to a realisation, looked towards Emi, but for unknown reasons, the latter 
replied with an expression and tone which was more composed compared to earlier .
“You were probably planning to tease me by speaking in that way, but Libicocco is 
also living at Villa Rosa Sasazuka Room 201 currently, this would definitely disturb 
the family time together, in addition……”
Finally, Emi frowned and spoke.
“Considering the environment to raise Alas=Ramus, the situation at my house is 
definitely better. If I brought all the clothes, toys, toiletries and cutlery to the Demon 
Fortress, it would become a situation where there will be no place to stand. Even 
though I do not want to think about it at all, but if there must be a place to cohabitate, 
then my house is the only choice.”
“Tsk…… you’re unexpectedly calm. It seems like the situation is more troublesome 
than expected. I thought that you would blush from your face to your ears and act 
completely frantic.”
“Amane-san……”
They did not know how serious Amane was, but at this, even Maou was starting to 
feel troubled.
“But sorry, only this method is left currently. Yusa-chan also does not wish for 
Alas=Ramus-chan to become like Acies and shoot light beams from her face, or be 
like Iron and cause a ruckus on the streets while emitting strange things from her body, 
right?”
“…… Ugh”
This move was super effective against Emi.
Even if it was for Alas=Ramus, Emi did not want to cohabitate with the Demon King, 
but if something bad really happened, Emi would definitely regret not implementing 
any countermeasures beforehand.
“T, then for example, can’t this be done? Bell is currently at Ente Isla, I can live at 
Room 202 for the time being…… with this, the Demon King would be living in the 
neighbouring room, as long as we think of the apartment as a larger home and it’s just 
that we will be normally sleeping in different rooms.”
Even so, Emi was resisting with all her might.
“And Father is living on the first floor. At this time, it’s not that rare to have 『three 
generations living together』, right?”
“How persistent.”
Amane expressed her admiration for Emi’s struggle, crossing her arms and thinking 
deeply.
“But with this, Libicocco-kun would be in the way after all? It was alright up to the point 
where Papa, Mama and Grandpa are living together as three generations, but living 
together with Papa’s subordinate is still a little forced.”
“To Alas=Ramus, Alsiel and Lucifer are familiar adults and the Demon King’s 
subordinates! Bell was around the whole time before as well! So the conditions should 
be the same, right!”
“No, the conditions this time is 『living harmoniously with only family』, under this 
kind of situation, even Ashiya-kun, Urushihara-kun and Kamazuki-chan are not that 
suitable.”
“We do not have blood relations with Alas=Ramus in the first place, but we are still a 
family! So there should be no issues with Libicocco!”
“I do not plan to deny that kind of family structure, but the problem this time has nothing 
to do with law or ethics, it depends on whether Alas=Ramus-chan can accept it or not. 
Even if Alas=Ramus sees Ashiya-kun as family, has Libicocco-kun reached that level?”
“No. If compared to Ashiya, Urushihara and Suzuno, it is probably impossible.”
“Demon King! Think of something to say as well! Don’t you have any good ideas! You 
probably don’t want to cohabitate with me, right!”
That was true, but Maou felt that having to help think of ways to avoid this situation 
just because he did not like it was fundamentally flawed in terms of logic.
And the level of hostility Maou had towards Emi was not as bad as what Emi thought 
it was.
Therefore,
“Of course I’m not willing, but if it is for Alas=Ramus……”
As long as it was related to Alas=Ramus, Maou would compromise very easily.
“Guhhh.”
With this, it was as if only Emi was weighing the child's feelings and her own against 
each other, making her feel like an incompetent mother.
The number of working mothers has increased in recent years and the thoughts that 
mothers should spend all the time in their life raising their children were gradually 
weakening.
Even so, from the standpoint of parents with young children, they should still place top 
priority on the healthy development of their child, if they completely excluded this from 
their own goals in life, it was not good no matter how one thought about it.
And currently, the one who was only concerned about sticking to their standpoint and 
ignoring the problem Alas=Ramus was facing was not Maou, but Emi.
“…… Maa, I also have something I wish to state clearly. Firstly, even though this was 
emphasised many times, Emi and I are not a married couple, and we are not lovers 
as well.”
“Please stop that.”
“Therefore, no matter how the people around us see this, we will definitely not commit 
the mistake that those conservative people are thinking, you can be rest assured on 
that.”
“Seriously, stop that!!”
Emi was already shouting.
“Even so, I still have the problem of Acies on my end. The distance between Emi’s 
house and Sasazuka has clearly exceeded the distance where we can stay separated. 
If I move to Emi’s house to stay, Acies will definitely have to come along. But currently, 
we do not have the ability to feed Acies until she is full when she is on the verge of 
losing control. Emi, your house shouldn’t have a rice cooker which can cook ten cups 
of rice at once, right?”
“H, How can I have one!”
Emi replied with a negative answer, but the cons Maou mentioned with regards to 
cohabitating was more constructive than imagined, causing Amane to observe the 
development of this topic while feeling rather surprised.
“In addition, there is Nord. No matter what, we have to obtain his permission, right?”
“…… The Demon King who massacred humans actually said that he had to obtain 
permission from the other party’s father……”
“He is a human who was on the side of being massacred. Even though he is calmly 
interacting with me by treating me as a neighbour, somewhere in his heart, he is 
probably unable to forgive us. Thinking about it normally, it is impossible for him to 
allow his daughter to cohabitate with someone like me. It is the same even if no 
mistakes will definitely not happen between us.”
In response to Amane who kept finding fault every time she spoke, Maou calmly 
sealed her off.
“As long as it is for Alas=Ramus, I am willing to do anything, but since Emi is this 
reluctant and there are so many issues in actually implementing this, then living at 
Emi’s house is really not that practical. The best method currently should be to follow 
what Emi said and borrow the room from Suzuno.”
“…… Demon King.”
“……”
Even Amane showed a serious expression at Maou’s logical analysis.
She sighed, then shifted her gaze away from the pair, shouting towards the outside of 
the room.
“His reply is what we predicted, what do you think should be done?”
“Eh?”
At this moment, the living room door was opened, and the person who appeared 
behind the door was actually Nord.
“F, Father……! Y, you heard everything…….?”
“For the matter with Acies, I will handle it. Please rest assured and do your best for 
Alas=Ramus.”
Nord was probably helping Acies make a new batch of onigiri just now.
He was holding a tray with onigiri on it, then after saying this briefly, he turned around 
and left the living room.
“Wait, Father!!”
Emi was unable to accept it like this after all, immediately chasing after him.
As expected, Nord’s destination was Acies’ bedroom. When Emi chased until she 
reached the front of the room, she prepared to speak again, but Nord frowned to signal 
to her to keep quiet.
“…… Acies seems to be asleep as well. Emilia, look.”
In the room, Acies was currently holding hands with Alas=Ramus with a peaceful smile 
on her face, sleeping obediently.
“……!”
But Emi was not looking at Acies.
She was staring hard at Alas=Ramus, so surprised that she was speechless.
Her body had grown.
Alas=Ramus’ height was originally until Acies’ waist, but now she reached the 
shoulder of Acies who was sleeping next to her.
Her limbs had lengthened as well, her physical appearance looking like a lower year 
elementary student.
The strange part was that the dress which Alas=Ramus wore had also grown bigger.
When she recovered from the shock, Emi finally realised that Alas=Ramus’ forehead 
was glowing faintly.

“The fragment…… is glowing?”
“During these few days, Acies’ forehead was glowing frequently as well, it was the 
same whether she was hungry or not. Even though we were very nervous every single 
time…… but we did not expect things to turn out like this.”
After Nord said this with a troubled smile, he handed one onigiri to Emi.
Emi accepted it subconsciously, taking off the cling film wrapped outside and taking a 
bite out of it.
“…… It’s delicious.”
“This is rice which costs 4000 yen for 5kg.”
“Uwah.”
“Emilia, I think you should also understand. Because of the merging, the bonds 
between us and them look very stable but are actually very fragile.”
“…… Un.”
Even though Maou just said that the distance between him and Acies could not be too 
far, everyone actually knew that was not the case.
“You love Alas-Ramus very much, right? But have you thought of how much longer 
you can be with her?”
“…… No.”
“No one knows how they would change after the end of the Battle to Defeat God. I 
don’t know if this matter was intentionally not brought up, or everyone was reassured 
after seeing the situation of Shiba-san and the others…… but no one can guarantee 
that after everything is over, she can still continue to be with all of you.
“Father……”
“…… When you were six years old, you were about this big as well.”
Of course, Nord also felt surprised over Alas=Ramus’ rapid growth.
But when he watched this quietly sleeping 『Granddaughter』, his eyes were filled 
with much deeper affection.
“Emilia, children will grow up. Even if you feel that they still look young, but as always, 
when you come to your senses, you will realise that they have grown up…… this kind 
of situation will happen constantly. You and the Demon King…… when both of you 
were watching Alas=Ramus, how many times has this thought flashed through your 
head?”
Children will grow up.
This completely natural principle caused Emi to be severely shaken up at this time.
“Grow up…… grow up……”
One year.
Very soon, the time Emi and Alas=Ramus spent together would reach one year.
However……
“Emilia.”
“…… Father, I……”
Just as Emi was unable to hold it in and was about to cry, her father’s words slipped 
into her heart.
“Emilia, with regards to cohabitating with the Demon King, can you think about it 
seriously again? Alas=Ramus…… after Alas=Ramus was separated from the other 
Sephirah siblings since a long time ago…… she had never experienced 『spending 
time only with family』, right?”
“……”
Emi must have given up at this moment.
“…… Let me say this first, saying this to your unmarried daughter is really not that 
appropriate.”
“If the parties are you and him, in a different way, it probably reassures others a lot.”
“Don’t say the same things as Amane-san…… seriously, if this matter is found out by 
Chiho-chan, Bell or Eme, I don’t know what they will say……”
“Chiho-san might unexpectedly not say anything at all?”
“That’s why it’s scary. For types like Eme who are obviously being scary, it is actually 
easier to handle. Haah……”
After Emi finished one onigiri, she frowned deeply and said unhappily.
“I understand everyone’s feelings, everyone predicts that the final outcome might be 
a tragedy…… but…… perhaps? It might be a 『good ending』, right?”
“…… Emilia?”
“Father is correct, the amount of time we 『parents』 lived together with that child 
was only one day. And it was a situation where she would be taken away by Gabriel 
the next day, but……”
Emi thought of the face of the 『Papa』 who was probably currently sitting on the 
living room sofa and worrying and shook her head lightly.
“If everything goes well and we successfully create a future blissful environment which 
Alas=Ramus can continue to look forward to…… at that time…… other than the 
matter with Alas=Ramus, I will definitely not carry any more responsibility.”
At an unknown time, that face which looked like it was going to cry had changed into 
a smile which was filled with determination.
※
Just like this, Emi, Alas=Ramus and Maou decided to begin their life of cohabitation 
at Eifuku’s Urban Heights Eifuku Apartment 501.
Even though the scary part was that they did not know how long they had to cohabitate, 
considering that Acies had not recovered after one week, this kind of lifestyle would 
probably continue on for longer.
“I wonder if Heaven and Ignora can stop using such roundabout methods like 
assassinating an Archbishop and just quickly attack directly. With this, we can end 
things quickly.”
After Emi said that at the porch in a troubled manner, her thoughts also became more 
dangerous.
“Hey, Emi! Can I first find a place to put my baggage?”
“…… Wait a moment.”
In reality, Maou coming to Emi’s house to stay was a reality which could not be
overturned.
Since there was no means of retreat, she could only work hard to make it through 
each day.
Anyway, Emi first instructed Amane who would periodically contact Ashiya and the 
others that she had to inform their Ente Isla comrades about this matter.
This was not a trivial matter after all, so no one would object against it immediately, 
but Emi still harboured a faint hope that someone would come to protest against it.
“Haah.”
Emi steeled her determination and locked the door, but did not turn the lock on the 
other lock below, she put on the slippers and stepped into her home which had already 
been corrupted by Maou.
“But, about this.”
Even though Maou had already stepped into the living room inside, he did not 
carelessly put down his bag, obediently waiting for Emi to enter.
“…… What.”
Emi noticed that Maou had been surveying the room’s walls, ceiling and floor since a 
while ago.
Within these three days, Emi had already kept all the things that she did not want guys, 
especially Maou, to see, so there should not be any strange things.
Maou already knew that the apartment Emi lived in was rather good, so Emi thought 
that he would probably express his thoughts on the spaciousness of this place, but 
what Maou said next was completely unexpected.
“I just, sorry about that.”
“Eh?”
Maou apologised with a rather perplexed smile.
Because it was really too unexpected, Emi did not know how to reply, then Maou 
continued to say something even more unexpected.
“Suddenly having to raise Alas=Ramus alone, it must be difficult.”
“W, what are you saying?”
“Uh, that.”
Maou pointed at the storage cabinet placed in the corner of the living room.
It was a four layer storage cabinet which Emi bought after she started to live together 
with Alas=Ramus.
It was not expensive even though it had a wood-grain pattern, and the lowest level 
was where Alas=Ramus’ towels were stored.
The second and third level had various clothes stored. The topmost level which was 
split into two had undergarments and socks stored as well as small accessories such 
as small pieces of cloth.
“Everything in that cabinet belongs to Alas=Ramus?”
“How do you know?”
Amongst all her friends who had come to this room, only Emerada who came to live 
for a long period mentioned that cabinet.
Emi did not think Emerada would tell Maou about this kind of thing……
“Uh, because it feels like the other pieces of furniture were arranged well, only that 
cabinet does not fit in, and…… that obviously had been decorated by Alas=Ramus 
before, right? So many stickers are stuck on the side……”
“Ahh…….”
So it was like that, that cabinet was covered in stickers which had cute designs and 
colours.
And after repeated removal and sticking on of those stickers, the first batch of stickers 
have almost disappeared entirely, the outermost layer of stickers should almost be 
the third generation now.
Even the storage box placed on the storage cabinet to store wet wipes and 
moisturising cream had been impacted.
“When she lived at my house in the past, she did not need that large of a cabinet to 
store all her clothes and items. From this, you really spent a lot on her.”
“…………… That’s right.”
Maou thanked Emi for her efforts before Emi said anything, causing Emi to feel very 
shaken.
Therefore,
“Maa, at that time, you guys did not even have much of your own clothes, so having 
me buy her new clothes is normal, right? Since we’re going to live together now, you 
should also remember what is being stored in that cabinet.”
“Yeah, I understand. I will try my best to remember.”
Emi intentionally used a stern tone to say this, but Maou nodded obediently.
“…… Anyway, put your baggage there first and sit down. Later on, I will prepare a 
place for you to put your dirty clothes.”
“Yeah, sorry about that.”
After Maou said this, he looked around for a bit, then sat on the floor directly, 
intentionally avoiding the carpet.
“…… What are you doing?”
“Uh, it feels like if I sit on the carpet or sofa without asking you first, you might get 
angry.”
“……”
Maou was probably worrying about Emi’s feelings in his own way.
Even though Emi felt that she had not reached the point where she would lose her 
temper because Maou sat on the sofa, she also knew that she had treated Maou 
similarly in the past a few times, so her feelings were very complex.
Based on the attitude of guys when they entered a girl’s apartment, Maou’s actions 
could be considered as worrying too much.
Ever since she went through that conversation with Amane and the cohabitation was 
decided, Emi felt that everything seemed to emphasise that she had no magnanimity. 
It has been less than five minutes since Maou entered her apartment, and she was 
already beginning to accumulate stress.
“Ahh, seriously.”
Emi mumbled softly, pulling open the sliding door that separated the living room and 
the rooms behind. She quickly checked that all the things that she did not want Maou 
to see were kept properly, taking the time to focus.
“…… That’s great.”
The next moment, accompanied by a faint glow, Alas=Ramus, 『in the state Emi was 
used to seeing』, was lying on the bed and sleeping deeply.
Confirming that Alas=Ramus was appearing normally like usual, this caused Emi to 
breathe a sigh of relief. She sensed that Maou was currently looking in her direction 
nervously, so she made up her mind and said.
“…… You can stand up. I will introduce this house’s environment to you.”
“O, oh.”
He had to stand up after just sitting down, but Maou did not look that dissatisfied, 
getting up and following behind Emi.
“First is the kitchen. The microwave is here, the fridge and the gas stove is there. This 
is a normal water tap, that is a tap fitted with a water filter. Letting you drink water from 
the side with the water filter would be too much of a waste of the filter core, so if you 
want to drink water, fill it up from the side with the normal tap.”
“A, ah, I understand.”
Emi spoke very quickly, so even if he was ordered only to drink the water from the 
normal tap, Maou nodded without protest, this actually caused Emi to accumulate
stress again because she sensed that she was too stingy and compromised 
subconsciously.
“…… But if you want to drink warm water, you can pour the filtered water into that De 
Earl’s hot water kettle.”
“I, I understand.”
The reason why Maou was acting so lost was probably because for the kitchen in 
Emi’s house, whether it was the appearance or complexity, it far exceeded the 
standard of the Demon Fortress, so he was unable to understand the usage method 
of every piece of equipment.
“Next is the fridge, from now on, the second level will be exclusively for you to use, if 
you bought something back, or there is something you don’t want me to eat, you can 
put them here.”
“Is, is that alright?”
Maou widened his eyes, feeling very surprised.
“…… If you’re asking whether you can use the fridge, I won’t take care of you even if 
you get a stomach-ache, so it’s up to you whether you want to use the fridge or not. 
As for why there is an exclusive space for you to use, of course it’s because ever since 
Eme came to stay over, I treated that level as a space for guests to use. It will be 
troublesome if you need to obtain my permission every single time you use the fridge. 
If that is done, I still have to worry about you.”
“I, I see, then I will not hold back. Can I first put in the water bottles which I bought 
outside just now?”
“…… Go ahead.”
Maou was acting as frantic as a new person who started their first day on the job. With 
flustered movements, he took out 500ml plastic bottles from his bag and placed them 
on the second level of the fridge in a horizontal orientation.
“We can share the milk, there is no space to put them separately after all. But you 
better not be uncultured and drink straight from the carton in front of Alas=Ramus. If 
you have to drink a lot at once or when it’s almost empty, remember to inform the 
other party, understand?”
“I, I understand.”
Maou nodded with a serious expression, and since some unknown time, he started to 
take notes.
“There is a water storage tank here to make ice cubes. If there is not enough ice, then 
make it yourself.”
“Eh? Add water into the freezer? It’s not adding it into the cooler? Then where would 
the ice cubes appear?”
Once Emi heard this question, she accurately predicted the scene five seconds later.
“…… The water will flow to the bottom, freezing into ice cubes here.”
Once she opened the drawer holding the ice cubes,
“Amazingggggg!”
Maou’s eyes widened as he stared at the ice cubes in fascination, this was the same 
as the scene Emi predicted five seconds ago.
“…… Haah.”
Emi sighed lightly and closed the fridge.
“…… Then the next is the cutlery drawer.”
“Yeah.”
“Normally, if nothing goes wrong, I should be the one cooking, so do not touch this 
area, just remember that Alas=Ramus’ cutlery is stored here. Next is cups, bowls, 
chopsticks and some knives, forks and spoons, you have to buy your own cutlery. We 
will make an exception today and allow you to use disposable chopsticks, plates and 
paper cups.”
“The way you’re speaking is really nostalgic.”
“Do you want to die?”
She might have said this, but Emi also felt rather nostalgic in her heart. As for Maou, 
he really sensed the killing aura and inwardly swore that he definitely could not make 
such jokes anymore.
Then, just as Emi’s killing aura was still boiling over,
“Next is the toilet and the bathroom. Let me tell you this…….”
And she started to glare towards Maou with a sharp gaze,
“Mama~……? I’m hungry~……”
“Oh?”
“Oh my?”
A small figure walked over to both of them with unsteady, tottering steps.
“Alas=Ramus, you’re awake?”
“Uu~ hungry~”
Alas=Ramus walked up to Emi unsteadily, hugging her knee and looking upwards, 
then she brightened up instantly.
“Papa is here too!!”
“Y, yeah!”
“Eh? Strange? Papa? Why? It’s Papa!”
Alas=Ramus became very confused because of this situation which never happened 
before, and after confirming her location, she looked at Maou again, slowly grabbing 
his hand.
“Papa! Papa! Play with me!!”
“Uh, erhm, I understand Alas=Ramus, can you calm down a little? I am currently 
listening to Mama’s explanation……”
“No! Play!”
“Hey, hey……”
Alas=Ramus, who looked strangely excited, pulled Maou to the corner of the living 
room.
“Papa! Look!”
Then Alas=Ramus used some force to pull off the yellow cloth on a box placed next 
to the television in the living room, pouring the contents of the box onto the floor.
“Ohh?”
“Hey, Alas=Ramus! Didn’t I normally tell you that you can’t pour those out!”
The contents were various kinds of toys.
These toys came in various sizes, there were character toys which Maou also knew 
about, and there were mysterious designs which Maou had never seen before, 
whether they were cheap or expensive, all these toys which were poured out were 
Alas=Ramus’ treasures.
“Papa! Do you want to eat curry!”
“Hmm? Curry?”
Within those toys which were poured out, there were props to play ‘House’.
“T, then I’ll take one.”
“Okay! Please wait for a while!”
Maou quickly turned around and glanced at Emi, but Emi was looking in this direction 
from the kitchen, not moving at all.
Therefore, Maou could only wait for the curry which Alas=Ramus made out of toys.
“Thank you for waiting!”
Alas=Ramus held out a pot made from plastic, there were fruits cut into half in the pot, 
a fishtail and one fork, all of this was stuck on with Velcro.
“Uh…….”
“This is honeydew fish meat curry!”
“Oh……”
Maou turned his head and looked towards Emi again while feeling perplexed, but as 
if Emi was testing him, she continued to look over, expressionless.
“Uh…… erhmm.”
“Enjoy!”
Maou nervously picked up the honeydew fish curry, using the fork which was curved 
in front to pretend to eat the curry.
“D, delicious!”
“You cannot eat yet!”
“Eh!?”
However, the special head chef said that he could not eat yet with a huge smile, 
confiscating the honeydew fish meat curry from Maou’s hands, changing it to a toy 
cup.
“Drink black tea first!”
“T, thank you……”
“Is it good?”
“It, it’s good?”
“Why do you think it’s good?”
“Hm? Why!? Uhh, erhm, it’s sweet, so it’s very good?”
“It’s not sweet at all!”
“Ehhh?”
Maou had never seen Alas=Ramus play ‘House’ in Room 201, and in the end, he was 
completely led in circles by her when playing with her for the first time.
“Uh, erhm, can I eat the curry?”
“Curry has been sold out!”
“You must be joking!”
The honeydew fish meat curry seemed to have been finished by other people at an 
unknown time, such that Maou could not help but laugh.
“Papa, look at this!”
The next moment, Alas=Ramus held one thing tightly, taking it out for Maou to see in 
the room where the black tea and curry had already disappeared.
“Alas=Ramus, this……”
“Happy Set!”
Maou had an impression of that item, that was the toy which came with the kid’s menu, 
the Happy Set, which MgRonalds released half a year ago, their main target audience 
being young girls.
From what he remembered, that was a plushie set which was released by MgRonalds 
in collaboration with Rilakkuma.
“This is what you’re interested in, right?”
Maou knew Emi liked Rilakkuma, so he tried to ask like this, at this moment Emi finally 
reacted.
“It’s surprisingly well made. And Alas=Ramus’ interests are similar to mine in the first 
place.”
Emi walked over after saying this, then she squatted next to Maou, matching 
Alas=Ramus’ line of sight.
“Alas=Ramus, can you wait obediently for a while? Mama has something important to 
tell Papa.”
“Something important?”
“That’s right, Papa is living here from now on, I wish to introduce Alas=Ramus’ home 
to him.”
“H, hey.”
Maou deduced that with Alas=Ramus’ level of understanding, she should be able to 
clearly understand the meaning behind Emi’s words, but it was impossible for Emi to 
not know how Alas=Ramus would react after hearing these words, and what effect 
this reaction would cause to the future.
However, from Emi’s side profile, the fact that she was thinking about future events 
could not be seen at all, she probably only simply wanted to show Maou how the two 
of them usually lived.
Then,
“Papa!”
Alas=Ramus’ expression immediately changed such that it was as if she was really 
glowing, she stood up quickly, abandoning the toys scattered on the floor to pull on 
Maou’s hand again.
“Papa! Papa! This is the kitchen! Water will splash out!”
“…… Ahh.”
“There are plates up there! And Rilakkuma cups!”
“…… I see!”
“There is yoghurt in the fridge! It can be eaten!”
“Y, yeah.”
“Then, there are animal biscuits here, Mama needs to say yes before I can eat……”
After hearing the explanation of the kitchen from Mama and daughter, Maou could not 
help but smile because of how hard Alas=Ramus was trying, Emi did not specially say 
anything, only quietly picking up a few of the smaller toys from the ones Alas=Ramus 
messily threw around to prevent her from stepping on them later.
After that, Maou repeatedly listened to Alas=Ramus’ explanation or played with her, 
and when Maou thought of looking at this mobile phone, he discovered that it was 
already 4pm and Emi had moved to the kitchen at an unknown time to start washing 
the rice.
“Ah, Emi, about dinner……”
“Just continue to play with Alas=Ramus.”
“Uh, but my plate and chopsticks……”
“Don’t worry, I was joking with you just now. You can buy another set on your own if 
you want, but my house has cutlery for guests to use and other extra cutlery.”
Emi did not look up because she was focused on preparing dinner, Maou also did not 
continue speaking and focused on the task of helping Alas=Ramus read the five 
picture books which she had taken out from somewhere.
Then, some more time passed.
“……”
Maou, Emi and Alas=Ramus were sitting together to eat dinner.
Emi’s house also did not have a dining table.
The daily lives of the pair seemed to be focused on the low table on the carpet in front 
of the sofa, even their meals were eaten here.
“Tablemats are the only thing which I do not have any extras, let’s buy them together 
with the other things which are needed tomorrow.”
What surprised Maou a little was that Emi and Alas=Ramus usually used table mats.
Even though he knew about such a thing, Maou always thought that no one would 
use it, so when Emi naturally said that one would be prepared for Maou, he was a little 
surprised.
“No, I don’t need a table mat……”
Maou said this because he did not think that a table mat was as necessary as cutlery, 
but Emi spoke in a surprisingly firm tone.
“It’s not expensive. Just see it as something to do for Alas=Ramus’ sake and bear with 
it. I also had Eme use it, but if I lend you the table mat she used, she might get angry.”
“…… Aah, I understand.”
At the start, she had jokingly told Maou that he would use disposable cutlery, but now 
she was insisting on him using a table mat, this caused Maou to feel it was a little 
strange.
When Emi ate at Villa Rosa Sasazuka, she never said such things, so this was 
probably something she insisted on in her own home.
The master of this house was Emi, so Maou honestly decided in this heart that he 
would follow whatever was usually done here.
Those steaming hot dishes on the table were all contained in proper looking dining 
cutlery.
White rice. Miso soup with tofu skin and cabbage added in. Salad contained within a 
huge plate and Shuumai which looked like it was bought from the hot food area of the 
supermarket. Lastly was the yogurt which Alas=Ramus started liking recently.
“Come, Alas-Ramus.”
“Oh, I’m digging in!”
“Yeah, I’m digging in…… hey, Demon King.”
“Eh? Ah…… yes, I’m digging in.”
“Papa did very well!”
“…… Thanks for the praise.”

Maou did not know what expression he should show, so he first picked up the miso 
soup and drank a mouthful.
“Aah.”
“What?”
“It’s nothing, I just realised I sweated a lot.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
Maou spoke vaguely to brush over the topic, the meaning behind his sentence was 
that he felt unexpectedly nervous about coming over to Emi’s house, and because he 
sweated a lot of cold sweat, he felt that the salty miso soup was very delicious, but if 
he said this honestly, Emi would definitely scold him.
Compared to that,
“Uh, thinking about it carefully, this seems to be the first time I am eating your cooking?”
“……”
After that, Emi unexpectedly thought about things deeply for a while,
“I originally thought that for an instant, but thinking about it carefully, even though the 
number of times is much lower than Chiho-chan and Bell, I have also brought side 
dishes to your house before.”
Then she replied nonchalantly.
“Is that so…… ah…… now that you mentioned it, there seemed to be one time when 
you mentioned that the tofu dregs sold by a tofu store near your house was very 
delicious, so you used the tofu dregs to cook a dish to bring over. Where is that tofu 
store?”
“I will tell you tomorrow. In addition, during the training, I also made MgRonalds fries 
or desserts for you to try, right?”
“That is completely different.”
As they chatted, the two of them started to act like how they normally would when they 
were at Villa Rosa Sasazuka, chatting occasionally, taking care of Alas=Ramus 
occasionally, eating dinner like they usually did.
※
Chiho just returned to Japan from Ente Isla when her mother Riho opened the room 
door and looked inside.
“Oh my, Chiho, you came back.”
“Mother.”
“Because your room light was turned on, I was thinking that you might have returned.”
From this sentence, it could be seen that Riho was very used to Chiho’s actions and 
the matters related to Ente Isla.
“Do you want to eat? Or have you eaten already?”
“Yeah. I have a lot of things to do, I should do my cram school homework first.”
“I see, you’re going to the cram school later, right? Do you want to eat something 
simple first?”
“Un. Thanks for taking the trouble.”
“Don’t collapse because of overwork, okay?”
“I am eating well every day, it’s more like things would be bad if I do not exercise a 
little.”
In fact, when Chiho was staying at Noza Quarters, Din Dem Urs would take it upon 
herself to help her prepare so many meals and snacks that she could not finish them, 
making her feel as if her weight had increased.
Even though she recently started to get used to the food in Ente Isla and clearly knew 
what kinds of tastes she liked but coming home like this and eating her mother’s 
cooking comforted her the most.
After quickly eating white rice, miso soup and egg rolls with some seaweed added, 
Chiho instantly relaxed and felt a little sleepy.
“I’m done eating.”
“Just leave it there. You still need to prepare, right?”
“Un, the preparations are mostly done. As expected, the things which are needed that 
day should be prepared the day before. I’m leaving.”
“Alright, alright, be careful.”
As Riho watched her daughter who just returned from Ente Isla leave the house 
frantically in the evening, she could not help but think of the time when she first found 
out about her daughter’s secret.
Riho had only gone overseas once before, when she was a student, therefore she 
was very unfamiliar with the cultures and lands outside of Japan. The first time she 
stood on the mountain at the Northern continent and looked down at the actual capital 
of Fiensi, her mind was a complete mess. Honestly speaking, she could not really 
remember what happened that time clearly now.
It was until Riho was carried and brought over to the 『Demon Fortress』 by a young 
man known as Gabriel did she truly calm down.
“…… Maou-san…… built a really huge home.”
“Puahaha!!”
“Hey, Mother!”
After personally seeing the Demon Fortress and knowing that this was Maou’s true 
base, Riho spoke of her thoughts on reflex. At that time, Gabriel who was next to her 
started to hold his stomach in laughter while Chiho blushed while looking stunned. For 
these matters, Riho still remembered them very clearly.
After that, Riho started to observe her surroundings, discovering that many people 
who looked like foreigners were mixed together all around her. Those people treated 
Ashiya and Urushihara like important people, not only that, even though Riho did not 
know why she did not notice it immediately, there were also many strange creatures 
who were clearly larger than the humans and did not look like humans at all interacting 
with the humans normally.
“Chiho.”
“…… Un, Mother.”
“…… Do you remember frequently going to Hokkaido’s Biei Hills when you were 
younger?”
“Eh?”
“Because I read an article in a magazine about it beforehand, so I thought that I would 
be able to see a huge expense of beautiful flower fields. But after actually arriving 
there, for unknown reasons, we actually encountered a rare bout of heavy rain.”
“Ah, un, I remember.”
“Therefore, we could only change our itinerary and stay for one more night, and when 
we went there the next day, the flowers had all been battered by the rain, but that also 
had its own beauty. I still remember feeling that this was very strange. That is what I 
am feeling now.”
“I……. don’t really understand.”
“Un. I know this situation is very exaggerated, and I also know that I am currently 
experiencing something very crazy, but somewhere in my heart, there is a kind of 
feeling like I see, so it is probably something like this.”
“Mother?”
“Maa, I am really shocked by this castle…… but after getting the thought of so such a 
place exists somewhere in the world after all in my mind, my heart is only left with the 
thoughts of I see~~ oh~~ how amazing~.”
It appeared that Chiho could not really accept it, but these were Riho’s true feelings.
At this moment, the signs of a Gate opening could be felt at the bottom of the hill of 
the Demon Fortress. Therefore, Chiho turned and looked in that direction.
“Is that something like magic to jump through space?”
“Un, that is correct…… it might be Yusa-san or Maou-san who chased over in 
anger…..”
Chiho started to look a little uneasy.
With regards to what happened at MgRonalds, until the end, Maou and Emi looked 
like they could not process the situation. Since those things related to Ente Isla were 
huge secrets, then Chiho would likely be lectured by them.
However, even though the person who came was wearing something which was 
familiar to Riho in some sense, Riho did not recognise her.
“Eh? Suzuki-san!?”
Chiho seemed to recognise the other party, waving vigorously to the other female.
“Oh my, I was really shocked when I heard about it. You really made a huge decision, 
you know?”
“Ehehe……”
Both of them were conversing in Japanese.
Other than Ashiya, Urushihara and Gabriel, everyone else was using a language Riho 
never heard before, therefore this Suzuki-san should not be someone who 
coincidentally had a name which resembled a Japanese person but was an actual 
Japanese person.
“Ah, are you Chiho-chan’s mother?”
“Y, yes…… eerhm”
“I am Suzuki Rika. I am a comrade of Chiho-chan and you.”
“…… Hello, I am Chiho’s mother Sasaki Riho. Eerhm, what do you mean by comrade?”
“Comrades of our lives changing because we were suddenly involved in the matters 
of Ente Isla. Ah, by the way, I don’t know how to use magic, I am a pure Japanese 
person, my birthplace is Kobe.”
“Aah……”
Rika described it very cleverly such that Riho could only nod in agreement, then Chiho 
spoke to Rika.
“Suzuki-san, why are you at the Demon Fortress?”
“Ah, because Chiho-chan and Suzuno-chan did many bold things and it might cause 
your mother to feel very chaotic, so Ashiya-san asked me to come and take care of 
her.”
“S, sorry, it feels like I dragged you into this.”
“It’s alright. I also told Ashiya-san 『Isn’t it inconvenient to travel back and forth or 
communicate now~? 』, taking the chance to make things difficult for him.”
“Seriously, Suzuki-san……”
“So I heard mostly what happened. Chiho-chan.”
“…… Yes.”
“If I lose my job in the future, it’s fine even if it’s in Ente Isla, you have to introduce jobs 
to me.”
“Didn’t you come to encourage me!?”
“Ashiya-san had already roughly explained to me about what Chiho-chan wants to do, 
the current me doesn’t have the right to lecture you at all. It is about time I seriously 
think about the future, so please allow me to stay at your side and fish up some sweat 
dripping from your body.”
“Suzuki-san!”
“……”
“Maa, I was joking for half of it. The matters here have already been tied to my future, 
so I will support Chiho-chan, okay? I heard that the people at MgRonalds also know 
the truth, but I do not wish to give up my seat of being Chiho-chan’s 『first comrade』.”
“Suzuki-san……”
“……. Auntie. There must be a lot of things which you find difficult to believe. Hearing 
this from a person you met for the first time might not be that convincing, but the 
people here are all good people, and especially Chiho-chan, she is an especially good 
child. I hope that you can understand that they are not hiding secrets, but are carrying 
a burden of a secret……”
“…… That is the biggest issue.”
“Eh?”
“Mother?”
“…… This matter about secrets isn’t important at all. It’s just that…… as a mother, I 
actually did not realise or see that my own daughter was involved in such a huge world, 
and even possessed the ability which the important people of this world needed, that 
is the biggest issue.”
After saying this, Riho could only laugh.
“By the way, Chiho-chan, I am really bothered by one thing, there should not be a 
mountain between there, right?”
“Ah, that? It’s probably because Kinanah-san’s dementia acted up again, and after 
causing a huge ruckus, he’s sleeping there.”
“……. Auntie, we are only normal people, let’s go back quickly.”
“…… Eh, ehh, erhm, it seems like we need to go to another place later, can you wait 
for me a little?”
Until now, Riho still did not know why Suzuki Rika was so frantic then, but since she 
probably could not understand after asking, then not asking would definitely be better.
When her daughter quickly changed her clothes, carried the bag used for her cram 
school, got on the bicycle which she barely used after entering high school and left 
under Riho’s gaze, Riho closed the door to her house.
“…… Hm, I know, Takeuchi-san opposite said after the children turn independent, the 
heart will become very empty…… it’s probably this kind of feeling. I should ask the 
child’s father to apply for leave and take a holiday with him…… how should I explain 
it to him.”
※
“What happened, actually coming over to look for me at such a time. Your position 
right now should be very sensitive, right?”
“…… I hate myself a little now.”
“What?”
This was the administrative city located at the eastern border of the Central Continent, 
Ia Quarters.”
Suzuno met Ashiya in this city where the influence of Afsahan was felt greatly.
“Alsiel, did you receive any contact from Amane-san?”
“Amane-san? No, Urushihara in the Demon Fortress might have received it, but I am 
recently busy with preparing for the summit meeting, having to travel between Noza 
Quarters, Ia Quarters and the Demon Fortress, Urushihara also did not notify me 
about anything…… did something happen?”
“Maa, rather than saying something happened……”
“Seeing that you are this frail, could it be that something happened to Emilia or 
Alas=Ramus? That situation with Acies earlier should have stablised a little, right?”
“Un, maa, erhm, they did some things……”
“Why are you being so unclear about it. Currently, your negotiations with Servantes 
Reberiz and the other Archbishops should be going rather well, right? Your most 
important assignment now should be how to manipulate Servantes.”
“I know. There are no problems with this part. Servantes-sama is someone who is 
very sensitive to benefits and is an opportunistic person. Even though it is troublesome 
to have him as an enemy, because he is very capable, as long as we grasp the key 
part properly, he is more easily manipulated than the other two…… uh, either way, 
this part is progressing very smoothly……”
Suzuno chose her words carefully, speaking slowly.
“Amane-dono seemed to have contacted me first, so I wanted to share the information 
with you and Chiho-dono, then I heard that you were at Ia Quarters……”
“I have to meet the General of the Seitokin Knight Troops later. If there is an issue, 
then speak quickly……”
“Have you heard that the Demon King is going to move into Emilia’s house to live?”
“My itinerary has changed. Continue.”
Ashiya, who was not listening seriously to Suzuno originally, suddenly turned towards 
her.
“Did some serious abnormality happen to Alas=Ramus?”
Ashiya immediately deduced this kind of conclusion, so it could be seen how calm he 
was.
Even though he was calm, his gaze turned obviously dangerous.
“Uh, erhm, that seems to be the case. Then, to solve this problem, the best method 
would be to have the Demon King and Emilia cohabitate, in other words, it would be 
best to allow them to live together as a family without any disturbances, therefore……”
“I see. So it’s not that Demon King-sama’s weak point such as owning money was 
caught by Emilia and he was forced by her to do such a thing, right?”
“Currently, you probably should also understand that Emilia isn’t the type of person to 
do such a thing, right?”
“Those are two different things. Even though I trust Demon King-sama’s judgement, 
something serious probably happened for him to make such a huge decision and 
move to Emilia’s house to stay. Seeing that you came over so frantically to notify me, 
I thought a huge disaster occurred in Japan. In the past, Demon King-sama had 
compromised a lot for the sake of Alas=Ramus, this is not that surprising.”
He said this, but Ashiya still looked like he had breathed a sigh of relief, then he 
immediately glared towards Suzuno in suspicion.
“Or are you thinking that Demon King-sama and Emilia will commit some kind of 
mistake?”
“…… No, honestly speaking, I feel that it is completely impossible…… therefore I 
currently feel that notifying Chiho-dono so frantically earlier was an action which 
lacked calmness and maturity on my part.”
“Maa, from how Sasaki-san was acting earlier, she probably would not feel shaken 
over something like Demon King-sama and Emilia cohabitating.”
Ashiya had helped with Chiho’s all revealing incident, and after that, he personally 
confirmed her situation and heard news about her.
Even though he originally felt that Chiho was not an ordinary girl, during these few 
days, not only had Chiho faced the important figures from Noza Quarters and the 
Northern Continent in a natural way, she also ran around in order to coordinate the 
matters related to the summit meeting. He heard that she did not neglect her school, 
club activities and cram school as well, causing Ashiya to feel very surprised.
Because of this, Ashiya could not understand why Suzuno, who had clearly climbed 
to the top of the Church and also had much more life experience than Chiho, would 
act like she was drunk and show such abnormal behaviour.
“Maa, even though the earlier issue with the astronaut has not been solved, including 
Alas=Ramus, Emilia is a fighting force we need now, so it’s not as if I can’t understand 
your feelings to quickly inform everyone about Alas=Ramus’ situation.”
Therefore, Ashiya tried to prepare a way for her to step down gracefully.
With regards to this, Alas=Ramus’ situation seems to be unlike that with Iron or Acies, 
causing damage to their surroundings. I heard that when the merger was undone, she 
did not appear in the place where Emilia expected, but appeared at Acies’ place, which 
was some distance away……”
Even though Suzuno was speaking vaguely, Ashiya still successfully heard the 
important information.
“Luckily, this situation occurred in Japan, but this is a problem. If Alas=Ramus 
appeared in a strange place, she might be treated as a hostage or be forced to 
separate from us?”
“Maa, that’s why they made that kind of decision in order to suppress Alas=Ramus 
from losing control…… but how should I say this.”
“Hm?”
“…… No, it’s nothing.”
“You have been phrasing things in a vague manner since earlier, what is wrong with 
you?”
Even this kind of question which seemed insignificant easily shook Suzuno up.
Suzuno also clearly understood and she was being strange, but to tell Ashiya 『about 
that』 just because of this, it did not seem right as well.
Based on what was considered common sense in Japan, Suzuno did tell other people 
about her confession towards Maou too easily, but at least the people she spoke to 
so far were same-gender friends who were close to her.
If she told Ashiya as well, she might, in many ways, attract mysterious feelings of 
animosity, or be lectured that she did not consider anything about the current setting 
and atmosphere before she acted.
“…… Actually, Caesar-dono also asked me to help carry out some tasks, so I have to 
meet the General of the Jiyosokin Knight Troops later, but the priests coming along 
are all Caesar-sama’s subordinates, so it feels like I cannot let my guard down at all.”
“Don’t speak so carelessly. No matter where I go, I am only surrounded by humans.”
Even though Ashiya saying this was not wrong, either way, Suzuno successfully tided 
over the crisis and avoided this dangerous topic.
Because Suzuno really had something to handle, so she left Ashiya’s office first, just 
as she preparing to settle her original task, carrying out the negotiations between 
Caesar’s Holy Conquest front line troops and the troops deployed by the Hakin
Knights to the Central Continent,
“……. Archbishop Crestia, actually”
“What is it?”
Perhaps Suzuno was still not used to being addressed as Archbishop, she finally 
become able to reply immediately only recently.
Suzuno still did complete the simplified purification ceremony, so even if the formal 
ordination ritual had not been carried out yet, the people around her have already 
formally viewed her as an Archbishop.
“An ambassador from Saint Aire visited just now.”
“Saint Aire sent an ambassador to look for me? Is it Institute Director Emerada?”
Talking about people who would come to find her, Suzuno first thought of Emerada, 
but unexpectedly, it was actually Lumark.
“General Lumark has also come to Ia Quarters for some business, she seems to have 
some problems with the country and wishes to seek permission from the 
Archbishop……”
“What is it? It can’t be that they want to conduct mass as the military campaign 
location.”
Even though the phrasing of seeking permission gave off a bad feeling, she still did 
not know what was going on.
Of course, it was possible that Lumark only wanted to establish contact with Suzuno, 
but Lumark was currently one of the members of the summit meeting, so for her 
position, she should avoid making contact with Suzuno in public places.
“…… Help me pass the message, if she can accept an informal meeting, then I will 
be available this evening.”
“I understand.”
It was better to solve troublesome issues early.
Therefore, Suzuno planned to do her best to get rid of all factors which might cause 
conflicts before the summit meeting.
But when she met Lumark at a heavily guarded inn room at Ia Quarters, Suzuno 
discovered that the other party’s expression was clearly filled with animosity, causing
her to feel very perplexed.
“General Lumark?”
“Hello, Archbishop Crestia.”
“…… Are you angry because I was ordained as an Archbishop and I did not inform 
anyone of my personal information before that?”
Even though Suzuno had private interactions with Lumark because of the Demon King 
Army, they were not considered friends yet.
For their positions and personalities, the two of them could not abandon the things 
they carried. Considering Lumark’s personality when handling official matters, the 
most possible reason to make her angry at Suzuno was that after Suzuno was 
ordained as an Archbishop, it caused the obstructions to the Holy Conquest set up by 
her and Emerada to have an opposite effect instead.
However, since it was confirmed that Servantes would attend the summit meeting, 
this matter would probably not cause any problems, so she first chose to face Lumark 
with an attitude of handling official matters.
“I did not intentionally hide my own birthplace. The ordination this time was also an 
unexpected matter, in addition”
Suzuno was cut off by Lumark as she was speaking.
And she even said something unexpected.
“Who cares about that matter…… even though it is not that appropriate, that matter is 
not important anymore. Crestia, I am angry about your careless actions.”
“Hm? My careless actions?”
Suzuno showed a perplexed expression.
Recently, Suzuno kept going back and forth from the northeast area of the Central 
Continent and should not have done anything which would affect Lumark.
But in the next instant, Suzuno was so shocked that her heart almost jumped out of 
her mouth.
“Have Emilia and the Demon King really started cohabitating?”
“Nuwah!?”
Suzuno looked at the illusion of her heart leaping out of her mouth, blinking furiously.
She did not understand why Lumark would mention this matter.
But after that, Suzuno even felt that all her organs had leapt out of her mouth.
“And the most direct reason was because you made a love confession to the Demon 
King.”
“No no no no no no no no General Lumark what are you saying it is definitely not like 
this there must be a huge mistake when this was transmitted why did things turn out 
like that!!”
“Archbishop Crestia, I received confirmed information that you have already offered 
your body and soul to the Demon King?”
“Who exactly is saying such nonsense so irresponsibly!!!!”
“W, what happened!”
“Nothing! All of you can leave!”
Once the guards standing guard outside the room heard Suzuno’s scream, they 
frantically knocked on the door to confirm the situation, but Suzuno stopped the guards 
from entering the room with supersonic speed and imposingness.
“G, g, g, general Lumark, let’s organise the information, there are many strange areas 
in the information you received, let’s confirm them one by one.”
“That is good. I also want to know the truth. Emerada is already so angry that she is 
not listening to anyone at all. In addition to the matter of the transport of the goods for 
the Holy Conquest, based on the situation, she might say that she wants to send 
assassins to your ordination ritual to assassinate you.”
“Aah…… seriously…… why did things turn out like this……”
“That’s what I want to ask. I don’t know what the situation is on your side, but for our 
side, we still need to pay attention to His Majesty who does not know the truth, the 
stinky Prince Highness, the parliament, the governing office and the imperial guards. 
But I was sent over here because of suchhhhh a meaningless thing.”
Lumark mumbled this and it looked like she was clearly depressed, Suzuno spoke 
nervously.
“…… General Lumark, could you have specially come over to Ia Quarters in order to 
confirm my true intentions?”
“If that was really the case, my Saint Aire will back out of the summit meeting. I more 
or less still have a plan to meet the Unifying Azure Emperor as well.”
The Unifying Azure Emperor ruled one quarter of the world, from how Lumark used 
the term ‘more or less’ to describe the meeting with him, it could be seen how much 
Emerada vented her resentment on her.
“Haah…… in order to avoid a misunderstanding with you, let me say this first, the 
Demon King and Emilia are cohabitating because they were forced by circumstances. 
This is related to the Sephirah losing control and is also very important with regards 
to the Battle to Defeat God.”
“Emerada also understood these things, but she still went crazy with anger anyway, 
yeah?”
“Then that’s not my responsibility!”
Suzuno said bluntly.
“…… Haah, I did interact with the Demon King and Emilia personally in the past. I was 
surprised that their relationship was not as bad as I expected, it was not so good that 
others would feel shocked.”
“Right!? It is like that in reality, with regards to the matter of their cohabitation, I heard 
that the Demon King and Emilia had opposed it strongly before, and in the end, they 
only did it because they had no other choice!”
“But, Emerada seems to think that it is this kind of relationship which looks cold at first 
glance which will spiral out of control when mistakes are made.”
“Who cares about her!!”
Going this far when speaking, it was to the point of trying to cause trouble.
Anyway, through Lumark’s description, Suzuno already knew that Emerada was firmly 
unable to approve of Maou and Emi cohabitating.
With this, when Suzuno met Emerada in person later, she might even unreasonably 
push the blame on Suzuno for the matter that Alas=Ramus was their『 daughter』.
“Then, is it true that the all-important Archbishop was ensnared by the King of 
Demons?”
“General Lumark! You’re using me as entertainment, aren’t you!”
“If I don’t find someone to tease for entertainment, I would have been unable to 
continue working long ago.”
After Lumark said this, she sprawled on the sofa in an unglamorous manner.
“In the first place, who likes who or who kills who has nothing to do with me. Honestly 
speaking, compared to the other members of the summit meeting, my position is 
considered lower in rank. Because there is royalty above me, so I do not hold absolute 
authority like the other kings. I also do not have any Hero characteristics like Emerada 
and am in fact only a character who is sandwiched in the middle. If everyone bore 
hard work which no one knows about for the sake of world peace, I might still harbour 
some motivation, but in the end, everyone is in chaos because of the issue of romance, 
the only people who are working seriously are Alsiel, Lucifer and Alberto! Ehh? Letting 
those men take command however they want, aren’t all of you ashamed?”
“General Lumark……”
“Why not just let me kill the Demon King directly, nominate Alsiel to be the Demon 
King and attack the human world!”
“General Lumark! Someone might hear this!”
“I don’t care, seriously hmph.”
Lumark looked to be truly rather angry, glaring at Suzuno with glistening eyes as she 
was sprawled there.
“So? Crestia who is a Demon General as well as an Archbishop? Combined together 
is it a Demon Archbishop? It feels really strong, you know. Do you really plan to side 
with the Demon World?”
“Ugh.”
“In my opinion, you did maintain an appropriate distance with the Demon King, using 
Japanese, this is what is called rekindling of an old flame, right?”
“Using this idiom in this situation is not only seriously incorrect, it is also very 
inappropriate, please do not say such things in front of people who had lived in Japan 
before!! General Lumark, where exactly did you learn that! Ahh……”
If it was possible, Suzuno hoped that the topic could focus on Maou and Emi, but it 
seemed like she could only give up.
“General Lumark, let me say this first. What I will truly offer my body and soul for is 
the life in Japan. You might think that an Archbishop saying this is inappropriate, but 
honestly speaking, compared to here, Japan’s environment is more suited for me.”
“Hmph, that would be the environment where you are only separated from the Demon 
King by one wall.”
“…… I will not deny that. Even though I should not say this in front of the soldier who 
fought with the Demon King Army for the sake of the human world, I never harboured 
any personal hatred for the Demon King Army, in fact, it was the darkness of the 
human world which frustrated me more. So even if the Demon King Army has been 
『the enemy of humans』 since the beginning, he is not my enemy. For the feelings 
in this area, I only sorted this out recently together with the Demon King himself, that 
is all.”
“…… Really?”
“…… Really, I’m not lying.”
“…… Hmmm……”
Lumark’s tone became abnormally relaxed, causing Suzuno to feel a chill down her 
spine.
“Seriously, it seems like for the occupation of Priest, they must be able to speak well 
to continue in their field.”
“Eh?”
“That’s not what I want to ask. What I want to know is what exactly is the truth behind 
the series of embellishments behind 『Crestia Bell had already offered her body and 
soul to the Demon King』.”
“So I am telling you that such a thing did not happen……!!!”
“There is no smoke without fire. You who actually do not have any personal grudge 
against the Demon King, do you really have an abnormal relationship with the Demon 
King?”
“It’s really true that there will always be people who like to conjure something from 
nothing!!”
Suzuno, whose breathing was messy, and Lumark who looked composed, exchanged 
looks with each other for a while, but it was Lumark who looked away first.
“How boring. It seems like my sights cannot penetrate your heart, I cannot obtain any 
more information.”
“Seriously, please know where to draw the line!”
“I was looking forward to hearing the story of you taking advantage of the fact that 
whatever you do in Japan would not be found out and how you snatched away the 
person Chiho-dono fell in love with.”
“……. Ugh! …… P, please know where to draw the line.”
“…… Maa, forget it, I understand.”
“Hey, General Lumark!”
General Lumark, who was sprawled over the sofa, slowly got up and walked towards 
the door of the room as if she felt her entertainment was ruined.
“It seems like even if I continue listening, I will not be able to obtain any information 
which can make Emerada calm down, and it might even make her angrier. Next time 
we meet, it should be during the summit meeting. During this period……”
Lumark opened the door and glared at Suzuno.
“Consider this a plea from me, do not cause any more trouble. Recently I have been
using all my might to suppress those factions who want to go to Japan. Everyone 
wants to secretly send people to MgRonalds, trying to pull Emilia or the Demon King 
on their side before the summit meeting. Damn it.”
“……”
“If you want to give the two of them a good impression, the best way would be not 
looking for them, but the others don’t really seem to understand.”
“…… Even so, they will not support any faction. Other than Chiho-dono that is.”
“Who knows. You will stand on their side in the end, right?”
“Eh?”
“So envious. You should just bear all of Emerada’s hatred properly then.”
After Lumark threw out these lines which could be sarcastic or completely serious, 
then left directly.
“…… What did she come here for?”
Lumark’s visit was just like a storm, and Suzuno, who was led around in circles by her, 
felt dazed for a long time.
However, there was one thing she could confirm.
“…… It must be Amane-dono.”
If it was Chiho, she would definitely have told Emerada much more directly with the 
important points, other than Amane, Suzuno could not think of anyone else who would 
spread that kind of information.
“Even though it is for Acies’ sake, asking Shiba-dono’s clan for help might not be that 
beneficial…… but then again, Emerada-dono is actually this……”
After calming down a little, Suzuno realised that within the words Lumark said just 
now, there was a matter which definitely could not be ignored.
『It is this kind of relationship which looks cold at first glance which will spiral out of 
control when mistakes are made. 』
Suzuno also thought of similar things before, with the deepening of this worry, she 
was unable to quieten down again.
“T....... thinking about it, I also did not have any kind of dramatic turning point…… it’s 
more like even if I was asked what the turning point was, I will not know how to reply 
either…… no, only for Emilia, it will be completely impossible…… but…… uh, that’s 
right, I never planned to take sole possession……”
After Lumark left, Suzuno did not care that the robes would become wrinkled, 
squirming around on the sofa in the room.
She could see this clearly now.
Based on the experiences she had accumulated until now, Suzuno could already 
imagine Maou’s frail side profile.
In the past, once the thought of wanting to support him appeared in Suzuno’s mind, 
she was unable to suppress her feelings any longer, confessing to Maou suddenly.
Even if she recalled this now and examined herself from an objective point of view, no 
matter how she thought about it, Suzuno still felt that this situation was unreasonable.
But this still did happen to her.
Then, would this possibly happen to Emi as well?
No, the other party was Emi after all.
She did not have any feelings of hatred or negative feelings towards Maou, but Emilia 
was different.
Even if it was reduced slightly because it was found out later that Nord was still alive, 
but the crimes Maou committed on Emi were really too severe.
Therefore, what Lumark and Emerada were worried about would definitely not happen.
Suzuno, who had observed Maou and Emi from nearby, knew this more clearly than 
anyone else.
“Why……”
However, she did not know the reason.
Even though she did not feel this way at all with Chiho at that time.
Even though as long as the other party was Chiho, her heart would be as calm as the 
surface of a lake.
Even though Suzuno had proudly thought that this was the result of her training from 
being a priestess for a long time.
“Why is it…… like this.”
Once Chiho was switched to Emi, Suzuno’s heart would become very agitated, she 
was shocked that such dark feelings were hidden in her heart, she felt her throat was 
dry, and her limbs were weak.
“Uuuu……”
Whether it was reason, logic, knowledge, memories, thoughts, experiences, 
environment, her pride as a priestess, or everything else, they were all warning her 
that her current self was very strange, and she was making a mistake.
However, even if she mobilised all of this, they were burned into ashes instantly, the 
flames known as jealousy were burning strongly at her impulse and emotions.
“Am I an idiot……”
Even if she scolded herself angrily or started groaning like now, for the first time in 
Suzuno’s life, she experienced that kind of black flames, and there were no signs of 
dissipating.
Suzuno did not know.
After she analysed her own feelings, the feeling which grew in her heart which she 
told Chiho about was not the 『love』 which could tolerate everything in a forgiving 
manner.
That thing advancing in a straight line on a burning road, that feeling which could not 
be easily named, was known as 『yearning』.
※
“Hmph…… so? What is the important point in this topic?”
“Actually saying such a thing…… don’t you have any thoughts about this?”
“I am only thinking that you actually woke me up because of such a boring matter.”
“B, boring matter…… Amane-san took the effort to send the news over, you know? 
Don’t you think this is very serious?”
“Yes yes yes, it’s serious…… then I will sleep a little longer.”
“Hey, Lucifer!”
Urushihara’s nest was located at the middle levels of the Demon Fortress in the 
Central Continent.
It was originally a corridor here, but Urushihara changed it into a bed.
The surrounding scenery could be seen from the window, but after looking down, a 
huge crawling insect type species could be seen sleeping there.
“…… You know, because from your point of view, this is the same as your daughter 
who you have reunited with not long ago suddenly starting to cohabitate with a man, 
so I can understand your panic, but from my point of view, it’s too late being concerned 
about this thing now. To phrase it more bluntly, they have already done things like 
dating, going on holidays and so on which can be easily misunderstood by outsiders. 
And every single time, Alas=Ramus was there!”
After Lailah sent Kinanah to the Demon Fortress together with Lucifer, she continued 
to stay at the Demon Fortress to deal with Kinanah together with Urushihara, Gabriel 
and the knights and the priests from the east and the west who were deployed here.
For Kinanah, who had dementia, after causing a huge ruckus, he would rest for a good 
few days every single time. In the past two days, he was sleeping without moving at 
all.
At this time, Lailah knew from Amane that Emi had started to cohabitate with Maou, 
and after frantically running over to report to Urushihara, she received that kind of 
response.
“Either way, it must be because some problem had occurred with the Yesod, so Maou 
and Emilia must have had no other choice but to cohabitate in order to solve the 
problem! For this matter, none of us are able to interfere at all, so come and report to 
me after everything is over! Amane-san likes gossip in the first place. You’re an angel, 
don’t be led around in circles by others that easily!”
“…… Y, you really know it very well……”
“Sasaki Chiho is currently doing something very important here, right? As long as she 
starts taking action, it will definitely affect the Yesod fragments, so I already know that 
something abnormal might have happened to Acies or Alas=Ramus recently. Let me 
say this first, if you go over to disturb Emilia because of this matter, she will definitely 
feel that you are irritating.”
“I, I know that, I do know that, but…… hey, can I return to Japan for a bit? I want to 
listen to the reason why Nord (that person) agreed to their cohabitation.”
Urushihara, who already looked unhappy, looked even more unhappy now, glaring at 
the angel who had become shaken because she was worried about her own daughter.
“…… You know, the people who have the ability to handle Kinanah directly are only 
you, me, Alberto and Gabriel. Because we cannot kill him, so suppressing him with 
just the current manpower is already tiring enough. You should know the 
consequences of reducing this by one more person, right?”
“I, I will definitely make up for it later……”
“Unless you can find someone to replace your shift, forget about taking a holiday!”
“I never expected to hear such words coming from your mouth! Let me say this first, 
according to the law, preparing a replacement is the responsibility of the business 
owner and they cannot request the employees to find a replacement on their own, you 
know?”
“This is Ente Isla, I am the law now! And even in Japan, no one is really managing 
this, right?”
Even though Urushihara sounded a little sleepy, if Lailah really left secretly, she did 
not know how angry Urushihara would be later.
“In the first place, what can you do after asking for the details? Even though I think it’s 
not that possible, are you actually planning to go over there and eavesdrop to prevent 
Maou and Emilia from committing some mistake?”
“Eh, no, but, as a mother, I have a duty to know about my daughter’s situation……”
“You already abandoned her for more than a decade, how can you only flaunt your 
status as a mother now?”
“I, I also have my troubles…… and these are two different matters……”
“Based on Emilia’s personality, if you suspect that she and Maou have that kind of 
relationship, she might really get angry, you know? Even I know this simple fact, how 
can you not know…… damn it, you woke me up completely.”
Urushihara, who laid out a sleeping bag on the stone floor, got up with an unhappy 
expression, yawning with some force while still buried in the sleeping bag.
“Lailah, you should understand the situation a little.”
Using his eyes which had become teary due to him yawning, Lucifer looked 
downwards.
“Theoretically, the Demon Fortress can fly now. This is the same even if we do not 
have the stone on Kinanah’s neck.”
“…… I also know that……”
“Even though Sasaki Chiho says that she wants to hold a summit meeting, do you 
really believe that an international meeting planned by a high school girl can 
immediately cause the world to become peaceful? Thinking about it normally, it will 
definitely fail, right!”
“T, that is true……”
“It is the same for the matter of Heaven, that problem with the astronaut has not been 
solved yet. It is impossible for those guys to only send a dream to the Archbishops to 
make them deploy the Church Knights and leave it at that. If some faction loses control 
currently and starts to attack this place, we might have to make the Demon Fortress 
fly and escape to the Demon World. And you’re actually worried about your daughter’s 
cohabitation partner and hope I can allow you to return? Stop saying idiotic things. If 
you also know that your actions will bring chaos to the world, then think about the 
priorities properly.”
“……!”
Urushihara’s logical and reasonable explanation caused Lailah to become speechless.
“And currently, the Alliance Knights from the South are here too. Even though they 
are people under Lagides, they are still members who are different from those who 
joined since the beginning. Even if Emilia and the others trust them, this cannot form 
any basis for me to trust them. Based on the results of the summit meeting, we might 
have to kill them first. If you really want to think, then include these into your 
considerations.”
“S, sorry.”
Urushihara’s words had no flaws, causing Lailah to immediately regain her composure, 
and it was as if she was ashamed about her disgraceful behaviour earlier as her 
shoulders slumped in depression.
“…… B, but what is up with you? Even though saying this sounds a little rude, ever 
since you brought Kinanah-san over here, you seemed to have become another 
person? When Alsiel-san said that the Demon Fortress had to be fixed at the very 
start, you were complaining about how troublesome it was and would find all sorts of 
excuses to slack off.”
“People mature.”
“That’s annoying.”
Urushihara pretended that he did not hear Lailah’s comment.
“During the period I was working here, I have already reflected on it.”
“…… I’ll hear you out then.”
“Even though you seemed to think that I have become very serious about things, I still 
do not care about how the world will turn out. I only do not want to make Alas=Ramus 
cry, and I also feel that in order to be able to do things which make me happy in the 
future, it is not bad to temporarily listen to other people’s orders. In fact, I feel like I 
have done rather well?”
“…… Maa, it’s true, the preparation work seemed to have been completed earlier than 
planned……”
“Because I have remembered many things.”
“I’m rather bothered about what those things are.”
“In other words, not only do I have to prepare a way for everyone to move around and 
remember important information, I still have to put my life on the line to handle that 
lizard suffering from dementia. You should also know, right? That guy’s demonic beam 
is really no joke.”
“T, that’s right……”
“On the contrary, look at you, Maou and Emilia cohabitating? I don’t care about this 
kind of thing. We still do not know the true identity of that astronaut, and currently 
Maou and Emilia are really our most powerful battle forces, you know? And not only 
are we facing obstructions, I don’t know if it was Farfarello or someone who said this 
before, humans would really only think about themselves……”
Those anger filled eyes which were contained within that sleeping bag, started to 
become more muddled.
“So, I am reflecting, okay. I never expected that when I am working hard, everyone 
else is busy doing some unimportant things, making me this angry. I plan to be quieter 
in the future, living just like the moss in the forests.”
“I…… I see…… hm?”
“It’s impossible for Ashiya. Because he had worked very hard. In comparison, do you 
really think that something will happen when Maou and Emilia cohabitate? Other than 
the fact that Sasaki Chiho might complain if they did not inform about this in advance, 
nothing will happen at all! So I won’t allow you to return to Japan!”
“I get it, I understand already! Don’t shout so loudly!”
“Seriously! Even if I have to force myself, I’m going to sleep for a little longer! Do not 
wake me up over this kind of boring thing in the future! Even though I don’t know what 
will be done at the summit meeting, if I hear news about how Bell or Sasaki Chiho 
have eaten some delicious food, I will really get angry!”
As Urushihara, who had turned into a sleeping bag bug, shouted, he squirmed with 
some force and rolled on the ground, and when he hit the wall, he stopped moving.
It was not known if he was unable to make any sound due to the pain or he simply 
wanted to continue sleeping because he felt unhappy, but Lailah, who fears that the 
consequences would be scary, still secretly abandoned her idea of returning to Japan.
“But…… it feels that after everything ends, everything will return to how it was 
originally.”
Seeing Urushihara snuggled in the sleeping bag unhappily, lying next to the wall with 
his back facing her, Lailah could only say this with a shrug of her shoulders.
※
For the people who worked in various places in Ente Isla, one day passed for them in 
this way.
At this moment, Maou was currently experiencing his first encounter in a home 
bathroom ever since he came to Japan.
To be more precise, when Maou stayed at Ooguro-ya in Choshi earlier, there was also 
a bathroom there, but compared to a home bathroom, it was more like a shower room 
in an employee dormitory.
“Thinking about it, having a bathroom at home is amazing.”
It was not difficult to imagine that to Maou, being able to bathe without leaving the 
house was such a revolutionary breakthrough.
Of course, even if it was a luxurious apartment, the bathroom would not be overly 
luxurious.
Even so, for most singles, the functions of this bathroom were already considered 
complete, and it was spacious enough. Just the shape of the tap was already 
completely different from the taps in the bathhouse which Maou knew about.
Emi did explain to Maou how to use the various facilities and even passed him a new 
towel which was bought beforehand,
“It seems like…… she is unexpectedly good at taking care of people…… ahh, I should 
not dirty the hot water too much…… and be careful not to use too much hot water.”
Maou mumbled this and started to nervously use this unfamiliar bathroom.
“Ahh…… the feeling of showering at home is amazing…... it feels like the water 
pressure of the hot water is not that strong either, it’s not bad.”
Not considering the temperature, the water pressure of the showerheads in the 
bathhouse would sometimes suddenly become stronger, if the holes of the 
showerhead were stuck, the water would even spray in strange directions, the style of 
the showerhead in Emi’s house was more refined, and even if there was a certain 
amount of water pressure, the feeling of the water spraying on the body was still 
gentler.
“Let’s see, she did say that I could use the shampoo on this rack.”
Maou planned to buy new shampoo or soap.
But when Alas=Ramus knew that Maou was going to stay here, she was determined 
not to be apart from him, and when Emi was prepared to put her to sleep, it was 
already 9pm.
Even the chain pharmacy nearby only opened until 9pm, and the surrounding 
convenience stores did not sell any bathing products for men.
So without any other choice, Emi could only allow him to use the shampoo and body 
soap for today.
“…… I can’t tell the contents of these at all.”
On the rack, there were three translucent bottles which looked almost the same.
She probably bought bottles she liked from the 100 yen store then filled them up with 
refill packs, but other than the fact that the amount remaining in the bottles were 
different, Maou could not point out any more differences.
“Hmm…… there are words written here? Green Eco Bottle…… this is the product 
name!”
After Maou read the words which were part of the design, he realised it was just 
wasted effort.
But he could not call out for Emi when he was naked, and Emi was currently coaxing 
Alas=Ramus to sleep.
After all, even if Alas=Ramus was told just now that she could also be with Papa 
tomorrow, she was still determined to stay awake.
If she were awoken by Maou’s voice again, he did not know how Emi would berate 
him.
“I remember that from the right, it should be shampoo, conditioner and body soap…… 
hm? Or was it from the left? …… Ah, forget it.”
Maou decided to guess, he first wet his hair, then prepared to use the bottle on the 
right.
The liquid squeezed out from the pump, whether it was the colour or the smell, were 
foreign to Maou, so of course, he was unable to judge what the contents were, and 
could only first try to massage it into his hair……
“…… Ah.”
There were no bubbles. This meant the rightmost bottle was conditioner.
He instantly heard an illusion of Emi complaining.
“I guessed wrong. Damn it.”
In the first place, Maou normally used the rinse-in shampoo at the bathhouse or any 
existing shampoo he had, so he never used conditioner on its own.
(T/N: Rinse-in shampoo is shampoo and conditioner combined into one product)
Therefore, the fact that there were three bottles was already an unexpected situation 
for him.
“…… This is bad.”
But then, the contents of the remaining two bottles would definitely produce bubbles 
when rubbed.
“Thinking about it normally…… the products used in hair should be put together……?”
So, the correct answer was probably starting from the right, conditioner, shampoo and 
body soap.
This meant that Maou’s initial guess was completely wrong.
“Even so, I don’t dare to start confirming from now, regardless of which one it is, they 
are more premium than what I normally use. I should just wash up to the minimum 
standard……. and then buy my own bathing toiletries tomorrow.”
Maou made a conclusion which would definitely make Emi angry if she heard it, then 
decided to randomly pick one which generated bubbles to wash his hair and body.
After taking this shower which caused his body to feel refreshed but made him feel 
very bad later, Maou walked out from the shower room.
He put on his underwear and a T-shirt and short pants which served as pyjamas, then 
started to look around him.
“Ugh……”
The washbasin area which had been cleaned up had hand soap and a gargling cup 
placed there, but he could not find the hairdryer.
It was probably stored in one of the cabinets, but Maou did not want to get scolded 
because he rummaged around the place.
“…… Emi, heyyy”
Rather than being scolded over rummaging through the cabinets and drawers, it was 
faster and safer to ask.
Maou tried to call out using a volume which would not wake up Alas=Ramus,
“…… What is it?”
But the voice which answered was unexpectedly close.
It seemed like the task of coaxing Alas=Ramus to sleep was done and the faint sounds 
of the television could be heard.
“Is there a hairdryer?”
“Ahh, I did forget to tell you…… you’re dressed, right?”
“Yeah.”
“……”
After Maou felt the signs of someone standing up, Emi walked in.
Then she opened the cabinet next to the mirror and took out a hair dryer which was 
larger than he imagined.
“The power socket is there.”
After saying this shortly, Emi prepared to leave,
“……”
But as if she suddenly remembered something, she opened the door of the shower 
room which Maou just walked out of, turning on the lights to look at the situation inside.
“D, did I do something wrong……”
After Maou arrived here in the daytime until now, Emi exuded a stern atmosphere after 
a long time of not doing so, causing Maou to ask this while feeling fearful.
“That’s right, for such a thing like this, it must be checked carefully.”
“Eh?”
“…… You normally go to the bathhouse, right?”
“Y, yeah.”
“For the shower at home, a lot of hair will be left behind.”
“Hair?”
Maou asked in surprise, Emi opened the door to the shower and pointed at the floor.
On the wet floor, a lot of Maou’s black hair was stuck on it.
“I will not go as far to ask you to clean up but remember to wash them away before 
leaving the shower.”
“I, I understand. Sorry.”
“It’s fine. You did not know in the first place after all. In addition, after showering, 
remember to press this switch to turn on the ventilator, else mould will grow easily. 
And……”
“There’s something else?”
“There is a roller over there. After you’re done using the hairdryer, remember to use 
that to clean up the hair which had fallen in the changing room. That’s all.”
After adding in a few new rules, Emi left immediately.
Maou held onto the hairdryer which looked very expensive,
“…… It seems more difficult than imagined.”
And could not help but mumble this.
After he used the hairdryer which looked very expensive but was weaker than the 
hairdryer in the bathhouse in terms of temperature and wind power, he followed Emi’s 
instructions to clean up the hair he could see.
“…… Ahh.”
A new problem appeared at this time, that would be the wet towel and the clothes 
which needed to be washed.
Just as Maou was thinking this, Emi first knocked on the sliding door of the washroom, 
then entered.
“Sorry, for the clothes to be washed today, put them in here first.”
She took out a plastic bag from a supermarket and passed it to Maou.
“For the clothes to be washed, they are normally put in a basket next to the washing 
machine, I will prepare your basket tomorrow.”
“The dirty clothes have to be separated?”
“Of course. The laundry detergent used for my clothes and Alas=Ramus’ clothes are 
different. If you’re picky about laundry detergent, you can buy your own separate one. 
If you’re not picky, you can use the one in my house.”
“I’m not insistent when it comes to laundry detergent. I normally use laundry 
powder…… but.”
“What?”
“Is it alright for me to use so many things in your house?”
After Maou could not help but ask this, Emi frowned slightly and sighed.
“Currently, what is important is the 『family』 atmosphere between you, me and 
Alas=Ramus.”
“O, oh.”
“If you’re the only one who uses different things for everything, it would appear to be 
very strange, right? And if you really want to start being concerned about such things, 
to put it in an extreme way, I will even ask you to prepare a washing machine just for 
you to use.”
“T, that’s true.”
After Emi confirmed that Maou had accepted the plastic bag and put his clothes inside, 
she continued to speak.
“I know that you are nervous, but we should be more open-minded. I do not plan to 
treat you too coldly, even though it might not last for too long, but at least try not to 
quarrel in front of Alas=Ramus. Call me again if there is anything else you do not 
understand.”
After saying this, Emi turned around and left again.
“…… It feels like when it comes to crucial moments, she is the more mature one 
instead.”
Because Emi had acted very resistant to it at the beginning, this kind of development 
caused Maou to get the feeling that his expectations were dashed.
Then,
“This, feels strange.”
“It can’t be helped. After I thought about this for a long time, I realised this is the best 
way. When Eme came, I also had her sleep like this.”
Ten thirty at night, Emi also helped Maou prepare a proper bed.
Maou had thought that Emi and Alas=Ramus would sleep on the bed and Maou would 
sleep on the floor with a blanket to cover him.
But after taking a shower, in the bedroom behind the living room, Maou saw that 
Alas=Ramus was sleeping in the middle of the bed in a spread-eagled position and 
two futons were placed on the floor.
“You will sleep on the one further away from the bed. Even if Alas=Ramus wakes up 
at night and says something, you won’t know how to handle it, right?”
“O, oh…… uh, yeah.”
Maou did not know how to respond at this time.
Because he had not expected that Emi would help him prepare a futon.
“You can sleep first. I need to go shower as well.”
“Yeah……”
After Emi said this, she left Maou, who was sitting on the futon, behind, heading to the 
bathroom directly.
For the next 30 minutes, the signs that someone was doing something could be felt, 
but not long after that, Emi turned off the lights in the living room, returning to the 
bedroom.
After Emi returned from the bathroom, she had changed into a yellow T-shirt and pants 
which were easy to move around in, those seemed to be her pyjamas.
“Why are you still awake?”
“Aah, erhm…… sorry, I need to charge my phone……”
“…… Ah.”
Emi nodded, pointing to the wall next to the window.
“It is a little far, but only that one is left, just use that power socket over there.”
“Yeah, sorry about that.”
During the time Maou squatted next to the window charge his mobile phone,
“Then, good night.”
Emi had already quickly burrowed into that futon in the middle.
Seeing this, Maou felt strangely nervous, he tried very hard not to create any noise, 
burrowing into the futon further away from the bed, with his back facing Emi.
The touch and fragrance of just being washed could be sensed from the bedsheets of 
the bed, the futon cover was also lighter and warmer than all the futon covers Maou 
had covered himself with before.
Maou, who played with Alas=Ramus for a long time and accumulated a lot of fatigue 
in an unfamiliar place, immediately felt a strong sense of drowsiness.
However, Maou still had words he needed to say, so he made up his mind and said 
to Emi behind him.
“Hey, Emi.”
“…… What?”
Emi replied without turning back as well.
“…… About that, sorry.”
“For what?”
Because Maou suddenly apologised, Emi sounded rather surprised.
“…… That, when you came to my house some time back. Erhm, before the situation 
became like this.”
“When we fought with Gabriel?”
“…… That’s right. At that time, we had you sleep on the tatami directly, right?”
“Aah, that did happen. I would have forgotten if you didn’t mention it. What about that?”
“……. Aah, about that, you really did a lot of things for me today and it caused me to 
suddenly feel guilty…… so, I am saying sorry to you.”
“……”
A feeling of being perplexed was sensed from Emi, then the movements of her flipping 
over could be sensed.
Based on the sound of her exhaling deeply, she seemed to be lying on her back now.
“I thought you suddenly wanted to say something…… the situation at that time and 
the current situation is different, right?”
Haah, that is true, but.”
“Whether it was that time or this time, we did that only because we had no other choice. 
So it is fine, that is all. Are you done? We have to wake up early tomorrow, we should 
be sleeping soon.”
“O, oh, I understand, sorry.”
“Hm, oh yes, one more thing.”
“Hm?”
“Even though Amane-san said that she would help communicate with the others…… 
we still need to find an opportunity to explain to Chiho-chan and Bell properly.”
“…… Yeah.”
“We can forget it if you don’t want to?”
“…… That’s not acceptable……”
“It should be inconvenient for you to say anything, so I will find a chance to talk to 
them myself…… then, it really is good night this time.”
“…… Yeah.”
After saying good night again, a short while later, Emi also started to breathe as if she 
was in deep sleep.
On Emi’s other side, Alas=Ramus was sleeping.
The sirens of emergency vehicles could occasionally be heard from outside.
Listening to these sounds, thinking about all the various events which happened 
today……
“…… Fu ……”
Maou also started to quietly drift off to sleep.

Demon King, Losing To The Hero
“Please have this……”
Riho brewed the best black tea in the house, nervously placing the teacup in front of 
the guest.
This was because Riho already knew the true identity of this female who had a smaller 
build than her and had an appearance which looked around the same age as her 
daughter.
“There’s no need to worry about me~ I’m sorry for coming over at such a late time~”
“It’s fine……”
“By the way~ does your husband know~”
Riho correctly interpreted the meaning behind this guest’s question.
“No, he still doesn’t know yet.”
“…… I understand~”
The guest nodded slightly.
“I have caused trouble for you. I will leave immediately after my business is done here. 
If this will disturb you, how about I wait in your daughter’s room instead.”
The guest raised a sincere suggestion.
Riho thought about it for a while, then shook her head after sitting down in front of the 
guest.
“…… There’s no need, if you do not mind, please continue to sit here and wait. A 
father not knowing about his daughter’s friends is a normal situation in the first place, 
and…… if I let my daughter’s friends into her room without asking her first, she might 
get angry later.”
“…… I am very grateful.”
The guest respected Riho’s decision and lowered her head slightly in sincerity.
It was just after 10pm now.
It was clearly a time which was not suitable for visiting other people’s houses.
“I have returned…… ahh I’m so tired…… Mother, I’m hun…… eh?”
“Hello~”
“Emerada-san? Why have you come?”
Chiho, who just returned from cram school and was very relaxed, got a shock when 
she realised that Emerada had come to her house.
Emerada was wearing the attire of a court sorceress, with her identity as a noble from 
Saint Aire Empire, she gave a bow which was even more respectful than the one she 
gave when she was facing Riho.
“Please forgive my rudeness for visiting this evening without making an appointment 
first. Your Excellency.”
She said this with her head lowered.
“E, Emerada-san!?”
“As one of the attendees of the summit meeting, this kind of idiotic action should not 
be done……. But I obtained permission from Shiba-sama and asked your mother to 
allow me to wait here.”
“Y, yeah……”
Chiho did not put down the bag she was carrying on her shoulder and after feeling 
perplexed for a while,
“Shiba-sama…… Landlady-san? Or is it Amane-san?”
She finally squeezed this question out, Emerada replied seriously.
“I asked Ooguro Amane-dono to help pass the message to Shiba-sama.”
“Chi, Chiho……?”
As for Riho, she did not know how to respond to the atmosphere between Chiho and 
Emerada, freezing in her position of getting up from her chair.
“…….”
But once Chiho heard Emerada’s reply, her expression relaxed instantly.
“Seriously…… Amane-san is really…… even though so many days had passed 
already……”
The fatigue on Chiho’s face increased by one-fold, her shoulders slumped in a 
depressed manner, turning around so that her back faced Emerada who had her head
lowered.
“Can we talk about it in my room? Or…… you want to go take a look at the situation 
now?”
Once Emerada heard Chiho’s sentence, she said with a laugh.
“Even though it’s not appropriate to say this in front of your mother~, are we taking a 
night stroll together~?”
“Haah…… Mother.”
“W, what is it?”
“I am going out for a walk, I’m sorry, can you help me lock the windows in my room?”
“Eh? Window?”
A minute later, Riho, with an indecipherable smile on her face, watched Emerada carry 
her daughter on her back and jump out of the window, disappearing into the night sky.
It seemed to be because if Emerada and her went out at this kind of time, they might
be stopped by the police to go for counselling.
(T/N: Japanese law states that there is a curfew for children under the age of eighteen 
between 11pm-4am. If you are younger than eighteen and out during these hours you 
are in violation of this law and can be held for questioning by the police.)
“…… A normal night stroll shouldn’t be referring to this kind of thing, right……”
The mother of a high school girl could not help but think this.
“I hope that they will still be able to enter from the main door when they come back.”
※
“I’m really sorry~! Ever since I heard about that matter, I was restless the whole time~!”
In the cold night wind, Emerada said this while not looking that guilty.
Feeling stunned, Chiho pinched Emerada’s cheek.
“The person who told the other summit attendees to minimise their interactions with 
me, wasn’t it you, Emerada-san? If the others find out about this, I won’t care, you 
know.”
“I’m more special~ so it’s fine~ Chiho-san has known Emilia and the Demon King for 
a long time, so you might not feel much about this~ but I will not lose to Emilia if I get 
serious~ strategic weapon class~”
“…… It’s scary simply because you’re telling the truth…… even though I can 
understand your feelings, but right now……”
“I understand~ I do understand, but~”
Emerada’s smile was so cold that it was as if she could freeze the night wind.
“For the matter this time~………… I cannotttt~ accept it at all~ honestly speaking~ I 
cannot understand why Chiho-san is being so nonchalant about it~”
“Seriously…… Amane-san, saying such extra things……”
Emerada Etuva was one of the key people in the『Second Attack on the Demon 
Fortress Plan 』 organised by Chiho and was also an attendee of the summit meeting.
Her status was lower than the other attendees, but her experience of having fought 
hand-in-hand with the Hero was enough to make up for that.
Because she held a seat in the political world, her fighting ability was not as noticed, 
but even if they were not as good as Emi, the abilities of Emerada and Alberto have 
reached the level of strategic weapons.
For the summit where Chiho was Chairperson, the main topic was to discuss how to 
rule Ente Isla after the Battle to Defeat God, and for a person like Emerada to come 
into contact with her so carelessly, there was only one reason.
“Does Suzuno-san and Ashiya-san know about this?”
“Hmm~? Are you referring to the matter of me coming to Japan~? Or~”
Emerada looked back in mid-air and showed a smile resembling a snake which had 
gone crazy.
“that Emilia who is more important than my own life~ had already cohabitated with the 
Demon King for some time~?”
“How did Amane-san describe ittttttt!”
The person who spread this information must be Amane.
When she heard that Amane was taking up the role of the window, Chiho guessed 
that things would turn out like this. When Suzuno knew about this matter, Amane must 
have transmitted this information to everyone who remained in contact with her.
Emerada knew the relationship between Chiho, Maou and Emi very well, so she was 
perplexed over Chiho’s reaction, but from Chiho’s standpoint, in order to achieve her 
goal, she was extremely happy to see that Maou and Emi had cohabitated.
Therefore, when Suzuno who stayed in Ente Isla contacted Chiho, she did not become 
frantic and even planned to use this information during the summit meeting.
“…… It’s not even 11pm yet. Maou-san and Yusa-san are probably working until the 
store closes, where do you plan to go to wait?”
“Isn’t that obvious~. Isn’t there a suitable store opposite~”
“Wah!”
After Emerada answered, she descended quickly at the edge of Hatagaya.
To avoid being seen by others, the two landed behind a mixed residential and 
commercial use building, then walked through the door of a certain store directly.
“Welco…… hm?”
The man behind the counter approached the pair and welcomed them with a surprised 
expression on his face.
“What is it, Sasaki Chiho, why did you come at this time…… eh?”
The Shop Manager of Sentucky Fried Chicken Sarue Mitsuki raised his eyebrow in 
surprise when he recognised Chiho,
“…… You are, Emerada Etuva, right?”
And after recognising Emerada next to Chiho, he became even more surprised.
“Hello~ Archangel Sariel-sama. Have you been doing well~. We have some~ business, 
so please allow us to stay here until the store closes~. Ah~ Chiho-san, I want maple 
biscuits and hot milk tea~ for the rest, you can order something based on the money 
which is left from here~”
It was not known when she got this, but Emerada pulled out a 10,000 yen note at 
some point in time and passed it to Chiho, then walked to the dining area directly.
After Chiho watched that figure leave, she turned towards Sariel again, but she got a 
shock from the other party’s hateful gaze.
“Hey, Sasaki Chiho. There are a lot of strange people entering and leaving MgRonalds 
recently. What exactly did you do?”
“Eh, uh, erhm…… what?”
“Do you think that you can deceive me? I really want to write down my feelings after I 
received a call from Shop Manager Kisaki and she talked about my true identity into 
a report and let you read it properly.”
“S, sorry……”
“Listen well, regardless of what you want to do, I will not obstruct or interfere with you! 
But! If you dare to obstruct the blissful future between me and Kisaki-san, I will never 
let you off!”
“S, sorry, sorry! I will be careful in the future!”
Even if there were some huge doubts with regards to the blissful future between Sariel 
and Kisaki, because Chiho was the one who made the mistake, it was really 
inappropriate to talk about this now.
“I don’t care if you’re careful or not, just don’t cause trouble like that again! And! Other 
than maple biscuits and hot milk tea, what else do you want to order pu!”
“Hyaa!?”
At this moment, someone suddenly used a brown board to knock onto the back of 
Sariel’s head with some force.
Looking carefully, that was Sentucky’s tray, a female employee appeared from behind 
him.
“How can you speak so roughly to a customer?”
“Fu, Furuya…… kun.”
The female employee known as Furuya pushed the shocked Sariel to the side and 
stood in front of Chiho.
“Shop Manager Sarue was rude to you, I will help you order.”
“Eh, ah, uu, that, w, well then, the original chicken set……”
The name tag of the female employee had 『Furuya Kanako』 written on it, Chiho 
also knew this name.
She seemed to be the only employee in the store who could rein Sariel in.
Once Chiho saw her name, she felt bad taking up a seat in the store with just ordering 
a small drink, so she still ordered a set even though it was this time already.
“I understand. We will prepare your order immediately, please wait here for a 
while…… hey, Shop Manager, hurry and prepare it!”
“Guuu……”
Sariel followed Furuya Kanako’s instructions and started to prepare the order while 
groaning.
With this, it was difficult to discern whose position was higher, and when Chiho looked 
towards Sariel, Furuya Kanako initiated a conversation with her.
“………… You are, Sasaki Chiho?”
“Eh?”
“This is probably the first time we are speaking to each other. I am the Shift Manager 
at Sentucky Fried Chicken Hatagaya store, my last name is Furuya.”
“Y, yeah……”
“I heard that when Shop Manager Kisaki was still around, when Sarue goes over to 
disturb the place, it was always Maou-san or Sasaki-san who handled it. I’m really 
sorry for causing trouble for all of you.”
“It, it’s fine, erhm, Shop Manager Sarue is also a customer, and he’s not a bad 
person……”
“He might not be a bad person, but he is someone with many secrets. And his 
personality is not that prudent.”
Because Furuya Kanako spoke too bluntly, Chiho almost missed what she said.
But this sentence said by Furuya Kanako contained an important point which definitely 
could not be ignored.
“Fu, Furuya, san……? What do you, mean by that……”
“Because of various reasons, I have some friendship with Ooki Akiko-san. Sarue 
seemed to have received an unexpected phone call from Kisaki-san recently, become 
very frantic…… after carefully listening to his explanation, I discovered it was just 
some things which were known long ago but there was simply no opportunity to say 
it, but Sarue is acting so frantic that it was as if his extra-marital affair was found out. 
Honestly speaking, he was unable to concentrate on work at all that day, giving me a 
lot of trouble.”
“Er……hm”
This unexpected situation caused Chiho to freeze completely.
Furuya, who knew Akiko and recently heard a frantic Sariel speak about his troubles, 
said such mysterious words to Chiho whom she practically never interacted with 
before.
Chiho was not so dim-witted to not understand the implied meaning behind these 
words.
“Sasaki-san.”
“Y, yes!?”
“Thank you for waiting. With this, all your items are here, right?”
Chiho realised that the food she had ordered had appeared on the counter at an 
unknown time and she frantically accepted the orders.
“Please, enjoy……”
After Sariel, who barely maintained his image of Shop Manager threw these words 
over, he returned to the kitchen.
After Chiho watched his back as he left, she abruptly came to her senses and picked 
up the tray, bowing slightly and prepared to leave the counter,
“E, erhm, sorry for disturbing your work……”
“It’s alright…… ah, Sasaki-san.”
“Yes!?”
But she was called again.
“Actually, I have been in this job ever since I was in high school.”
“E, ehh.”
“At the beginning, I was working at a branch at Hatsudai, which was located closer to 
Shinjiku, but this store opened near my house, so I was transferred here for the 
opening of this store.”
Hatsudai was a station on the Keio New Line which was connected to the Toei 
Shinjuku Line, only one stop away from Hatagaya station.
“I, I see.”
Chiho did not know why Furuya Kanako would suddenly speak about this, and after 
this, the latter blinked in Chiho’s direction.
“The month after I was hired by the Hatsudai store, that was when the MgRonalds in 
front of Hatagaya station started to hire employees. Even though the high school I 
was studying at was closer to the Sentucky at Hatsudai, my house was closer to 
Hatagaya. At that time, I still clearly remember thinking that I had miscalculated.”
“Eh.”
“If I chose MgRonalds then, I wonder how different things would be currently…… Fufu.”
That smile caused Chiho to shudder slightly.
But she was not shaken up because of this.
Chiho had already abandoned this weak mental state and resolution which would 
waver because of this sort of thing.
“Furuya-san.”
“Yes.”
“Please tell Shop Manager Sarue not to feel shaken over private matters when he is 
outside.”
Kanako flinched a little, but immediately showed a troubled smile and bowed.
“Please take your time and enjoy your meal.”
Kanako watched Chiho walk quickly towards the young lady who entered with her.
Then her gaze stopped on that young lady whose appearance was very mysterious,
“Even though it is still a little difficult to believe…… but it would be interesting if it were 
true. In comparison.”
Kanako looked back towards the kitchen and saw the frail side profile of the Shop 
Manager Sarue Mitsuki.
“…… Seriously.”
Kanako sighed lightly, showing a smile.
“Why does my side end up with this kind of guy? I can’t understand this at all.”
“What did the two of you talk about~?”
“It’s nothing, that employee known as Furuya-san became acquainted with 
MgRonalds employees because of Sariel-san, then we talked about why I quit my job.”
“I see~”
There were not many customers in the store, with Emerada’s hearing ability, she could 
probably eavesdrop on the conversation between Chiho and Furuya.
However, Furuya Kanako would definitely not cause much impact on the futures of 
Chiho or Emerada, so even if Emerada could hear it, she had more important matters 
to handle right now.
“Say~”
“Yes.”
“About the Sephirah~ about Yesod~ I have heard much about them~. But~ whether it 
is the explanation from Bell-san~ or the explanation from Amane-san~ I can’t seem to 
accept them~”
“Ah, let me confirm this first, we are talking about the matter of Yusa-san and Maousan cohabitating?”
“Eh?”
It seemed that Emerada had not expected Chiho to ask this.
Because in the beginning, she had said that she had come for this purpose, but Chiho 
still made an effort to confirm it again.
“Eh, ehh~ that is correct~”
“I understand. So, what about it?”
“Aren’t you bothered by it at all~!”
“So…… uh, are you referring to the matter of Yusa-san and Maou-san 
cohabitating……”
“That was what I was saying just now~”
Chiho’s attitude was strangely roundabout, causing Emerada to feel the rare emotion 
of frustration.
“Chiho-san is no longer a child~ you should be able to understand, right~?”
“…… Sorry, I don’t really understand.”
“Chiho-san, I.”
The atmosphere chilled instantly.
“Have already accepted the fact of the Demon King staying at Emilia’s side, but my 
heart had never acknowledged it.”
“……”
“You want to spend your time with the Demon King, that is your freedom. If the Demon 
King wants to spend his whole life in Japan, that is also fine. But……”
The usual mild impression which Emerada gave off had disappeared without a trace, 
she glared at Chiho and said.
“The premise is that you can be responsible for tying the Demon King to this world.”
“………… Emerada-san.”
“What is it?”
“…… I want to apologise to you first. Din Dem Urs-sama has already passed me the 
information of all the attendees of the summit meeting.”
“…… Fufu.”
Just this sentence caused Emerada to understand everything.
“I am really no match for that old granny.”
In an abnormal way, Emerada’s face was filled with anger, and she bit down on her 
lip.
Chiho calmly accepted her anger.
“…… Emerada-san…… Emerada-san……. Also has family members, who were killed 
by the Demon King Army, right?”
Before this, Chiho did not understand Emerada’s past at all.
She knew that this was something which could not be easily made public.
Even so, Chiho still felt that realising this late that a friend from the foreign world was 
carrying such hurt was her own oversight.
However, Emerada’s personality was not so weak to feel shaken because of this.
“This is not rare. I don’t know if you know or not, but in fact, Olba, Servantes and 
Alberto are the same.”
“…….”
“Did you hear about this matter as well? When Lucifer’s army was approaching the 
imperial capital…… I…… I made the judgement to abandon my father’s territory.”
“…… Yes.”
“Then it will be simple to talk about it.”
After Emerada exhaled with some force, she adjusted her sitting posture.
“I am the first daughter of one of the feudal lords in the countryside in Saint Aire. 
Because it was in the countryside, only the production of agricultural crops was 
especially high, therefore the generations of people in my family were unable to tear 
themselves away from the thoughts of obtaining great riches in a short time. But 
because it was that kind of family, the only thing everyone knew clearly was the 
importance of knowledge. In the country, having the males inherit the family business 
was common sense, the reason I was able to study in university in the imperial capital 
was completely because of the love of my family. What I abandoned was a family like 
this.”
“……”
“At that time, it was already confirmed that the fierce attack by Lucifer’s army could 
not be stopped. Even then, the Church Knights still dragged things out and were 
unwilling to take action. I was disappointed in the Church who normally called 
themselves the disciples of God but were completely useless when it came to crucial 
moments, so when I was fighting in the imperial capital, I intentionally let my spells hit 
the cathedral. At that time, there was information that Adramelech’s army would be 
approaching from the north, causing me to sink into the thoughts that if I sent troops 
to help the lands in the countryside, the imperial capital would definitely be destroyed, 
but in the end, I still became a prisoner of Lucifer’s army.”
Emerada picked up the biscuit and opened her small mouth to take a bite.
“I took a very long time to understand what I had done. Until Lucifer was defeated and 
I started to journey with Emilia and arrived at Sloan village for the first time, I finally 
became aware of it.”
“Sloan village…… that is Yusa-san’s hometown, right?”
“To Emilia at that time, her destiny as Hero was a burden which was still hard to bear, 
she cried for the whole night in front of her old home at Sloan village. Not only her 
father, but she also shouted every single name of the villagers she knew. This caused 
me to realise that the people I have abandoned, just like her, they must have died 
while calling out for someone’s name……”
“……”
“However, as an official from Central, I still choose to abandon my family and my 
hometown in the end. I am still a noble, so I do not regret making that decision, if I 
saved others based on my own personal feelings, it would damage my honour. Normal 
Japanese people like you would probably find it hard to understand this kind of spirit, 
but this is our common sense……”
Emerada continued to eat the biscuit, tears appearing in the corner of her eyes.
“But even so, the hatred in my heart would not disappear. As a politician, I do not 
regret the me who made a calm judgement, but as the daughter of a family who was 
killed, I could not forgive my family’s enemy at all. During the process of protecting 
Emilia who sacrificed herself for the world and bravely fought against the Demon King 
Army, these two extreme sides of me gradually merged into one. Emilia was originally 
a weak girl and was forced to become a Hero just because she was born. Because 
we were too weak, we had her bear everything. Can you believe it? When Emilia 
defeated Lucifer, her stature was even smaller than the current you.”
“…… Therefore, you are unable to accept Maou-san and Yusa-san living together?”
“…… No.”
Emerada shook her head.
“I don’t know either. When I saw Emilia crying bitterly that day, my mental state was 
so agitated that it was as if my head was going to split open, but I still did not know 
what to do. All of you have said that this was for Alas=Ramus, that it was for the world, 
viewing this in the long term, this cohabitation would definitely help the world. Even 
so…… even so……”
Emerada crushed the biscuit in her first.
“Regardless of how low the probability is…… once I think about how Emilia might fall 
into the claws of Demon King Satan, I feel like my heart is going to be torn apart. As 
a politician, I keep telling myself that I should face this situation calmly, it was definite 
that nothing would happen anyway.”
“Emerada-san……”
“However, the 『me』 who was left in the place and was freed from all restrictions…… 
kept shouting to definitely…… definitely not forgive that man who robbed me of my 
family and hometown, who tore my heart into two, and still shamelessly went to 
cohabitate with Emilia, the person I swore to protect for my whole life.”
Chiho directly bore the quiet but agitated words of the strongest sorceress in Ente Isla.
“It is impossible for me to become close to Alas=Ramus. Ignoring the actual blood 
relation…… that child is the daughter of Emilia and the Demon King. I cannot love that 
child, unable to free myself from the thought that she is the child of the Demon 
King…… after all, even Emilia herself…… had acknowledged this……”
It was not to the point where Alas=Ramus would view Emerada in a hostile manner, 
but once Emerada reacted in a more emotionally agitated manner, she would 
occasionally even hide behind Emi.
No one knew if the reason was what Emerada spoke of just now.
But Emerada herself must have believed it to some extent to think this way.
“What should I do? You like the Demon King, right? If so, why can you allow him to 
live with other females?”
For Emerada’s tone, rather than sounding like she was lecturing, it sounded more like 
a simple question.
Regardless, this was the first time Chiho heard the true, heartfelt words from Emerada 
Etuva.
And with regards to this question, Chiho already had an answer in her heart.
Perhaps since before the start of the Battle to Defeat God, this answer was already in 
her heart.
“Emerada-san, didn’t I keep confirming just now if we were talking about 『Maou-san 
and Yusa-san』?”
“…… Yes.”
“This is because I felt that Emerada-san might have already seen through my true 
thoughts.”
“You are viewing me too favourably. Recently, I do not know what you are thinking at 
all.”
“Until a short while ago, I was only goldfish poop who followed behind Maou-san and 
the others.”
(T/N: Goldfish poop in a phrase in Japan which refers to a hanger-on’ or someone 
who persistently sticks around.)
“Ugh…… no, it’s not that bad.”
The feeling Chiho gave others was obviously different during the recent past few 
weeks.
As least the weak and unreliable impression that Emerada felt from her when the 
former first arrived in Japan had already disappeared without a trace.
Currently, not only had Chiho changed such that she had a strong will, she would 
fiercely express her own opinion. It was to the point where it could be suspected if Din 
Dem Urs had given her some training.
“However, in some sense, this could not be helped. I also do not know what Maousan and the others are thinking recently, and……after we save Alas=Ramus’ friends, 
everyone will scatter, right?”
“Scatter?”
“…… Yes.”
After Chiho nodded once, she picked up the fries in the set and poured it on the tray.
“Something like this.”
“……”
“Ashiya-san would definitely work hard so the demons can settle down in the various 
countries. Suzuno-san…… I had never asked her, but it should not be that easy to 
resign from the position of Archbishop. Yusa-san might study in Japan, it is also 
possible for her to take up agriculture again in Ente Isla. Urushihara-san…… I don’t 
know what he is thinking, but that person would probably be alright with anything as 
long as he can live a relaxing leisurely life.”
“…… And the Demon King?”
“Maou-san is the most useless one. He is always moving along without any purpose.”
As if Chiho was using the scattered fries to represent Maou, she put them in her mouth.
“Even though he said that he wants to become a full-time employee in Japan, it also 
seems that he truly wants to help Kisaki-san open her store. Even if he is concerned 
about the matters with the demons, in reality, the one who has been commanding on 
the ground has always been Ashiya-san. Not only did he not reply to my confession, 
he ran away from Suzuno-san’s feelings, we don’t even know what will happen to 
Alas=Ramus-chan after rescuing Alas=Ramus-chan’s friends, you know? Whether he 
wants to stay together with his friends, or to be with Yusa-san forever, or actually really 
marrying Yusa-san…… we don’t even know all of that, right?”
“…… It might be too late to say it now, but it would be better to give up on that man, 
right?”
“That sentence is the same as telling Emerada-san to give up on Yusa-san’s 
happiness. To waver between what is reasonable and unreasonable is human, right?”
After replying like this, Chiho rearranged the scattered fries and put them back into 
the paper box.
“This is what I want to do.”
“…… Put everything back to where they originally were?”
“No?”
After Chiho said this, she flicked the paper box lightly.
It is to create a…… should it be called a vessel? Or atmosphere? Such that even if 
everyone is scattered around in the future, they would still be able to gather together 
like this. Either way, a place like that.”
“……”
“Even if I want to have them stay, other than Urushihara-san, everyone has everything 
they want to do. But actually this is the situation now too. It does not make sense for 
me to be the only one who has to accept everyone’s situation, I hope everyone can 
also accept my feelings. So I made many counterattacks this time.”
Chiho looked straight at Emerada.
“Even though I feel bad for Emerada-san, for the sake of Alas=Ramus-chan and 
Acies-chan and my future goal, I will not allow you to stop Maou-san and Yusa-san 
from cohabitating.”
“Ugh!”
“…… On the contrary, I will accept Emerada-san’s feelings properly.”
“What do you mean? Are you referring to giving me some convenience during the 
summit meeting?”
“How is that possible. But I will find an opportunity in the near future to repay you. 
Because if not for Emerada-san and Alberto-san making a decision to let Maou-san 
off that time, my life would definitely be very different.”
When Chiho first knew about the truth of Maou-san and the others.
Emerada and Alberto, who came over to get Emi, decided in the end to go along with 
Emi’s judgement of leaving Maou alone and keeping Chiho’s memories.
If the pair did not support Emi’s decision that time, Chiho would definitely be living the 
life of a normal high school girl right now.
“…… It feels like it was something which happened a long time ago.”
“I heard that one would feel like time has passed very quickly once they grow up, so 
it is really like that.”
“Don’t be so exaggerated. You’re not even 20 years old yet, right?”
As if Emerada had lost her motivation, she leaned back on the sofa.
“…… Then, in a more concrete manner, what do you plan to do?”
“Actually, it’s not anything that big. I do maintain regular contact with Amane-san, so 
I know the situations of the people around Alas=Ramus-chan and Acies-chan, I can 
tell you about them. My suggestion is, do you want to consider doing something which 
I, Suzuno-san, Ashiya-san and Nord-san had never done before?”
“…… Huh?”
Emerada frowned in confusion, Chiho pointed at MgRonalds and said.
“You just need to tell Yusa-san that you are against her and Maou-san cohabitating, 
and honestly tell her everything which you told me just now. The bond between Yusa-
san and Emerada-san is deeper than the one with me, right? So it would be impossible 
for her not to seriously consider what you say.”
One hour later.
The lights of MgRonalds extinguished close to midnight, Chiho and Emerada walked 
out of Sentucky together.
“…… Seriously, why do I have to keep you company for this thing?”
“Because it is very dangerous at night.”
In the corner of a certain alleyway where both the stores of MgRonalds and Sentucky 
could be seen at the same time, Chiho and Sariel were currently observing Emerada’s 
situation.
When the pair were doing this, Maou and Emi walked out of the store together.
“…… They are so frantic that it is as if they were caught on film by a private eye while 
having an affair.”
Maou and Emi seemed to have gotten a shock because Emerada appeared there.
“…… Hmph, Emilia is trying her best to find excuses for the cohabitation.”
Even if there was some distance between them, Sariel seemed to be able to hear the 
conversation between the trio.
“The Demon King and Hero are cohabitating, it seems like this world is going to end.”
“That’s right. After all, an archangel is spying on them together with a human.”
“…… Hey, Sasaki Chiho.”
“Yes?”
“I heard some of the conversation between you and Emerada Etuva, are you serious 
about it?”
“What do you mean?”
“About how you want to mediate between the authority bearers in Ente Isla.”
“Yeah, that’s what I plan to do.”
“Do you think that is possible? It’s impossible for you to not know how stupid humans 
can be after they gather, right?”
“Uh, I am an exam taker after all, so I did study world history and political affairs 
properly.”
“Hm?”
“Even though the people of Ente Isla have a strange misconception of me…… it feels 
as if everyone misunderstands that I want to complete these things on my own.”
“Isn’t that the case? Based on the explanation I heard, all of this was planned by you 
and Din Dem Urs, right?”
“Yeah, Grandma helped me with a lot of preparation work…… currently, it is already 
not just my own power, it’s more like I am depending on Grandma’s power.”
Chiho said while shrugging her shoulders slightly.
“Even if a high school girl shouts 『Please listen to my selfish thoughts』, those 
important people from various parts of the world would not listen, right? As long as 
they can win the war, they will earn a lot of money. Even if a young girl who came from 
another world and not from other countries wants these leaders to stop, it is impossible 
for them to follow it. That’s why even Emerada-san said those things.”
“……”
Sariel looked towards Chiho’s side profile in surprise, and she was currently spying 
on the situation between Emerada, Emi and Maou.
“…… I did not plan to go this far while speaking…… but your thoughts were actually 
this realistic?”
“The direct influence came from Suzuno-san, but more accurately, it is all Maou-san’s 
fault.”
“Hmmm?”
“Either way…… I do not wish for Maou-san and Yusa-san to stop cohabitating only 
because of Emerada-san’s explanation, this would trouble me greatly.”
“I shouldn’t be saying such things to you…… but some things between men and 
women cannot be explained with logic.
“That is true. I did not expect Kisaki-san to ask Sariel-san to help her start a business.”
“…… You.”
“But I understand, you know.”
“Hah?”
“I do not understand the feelings involved. But I can confirm that Maou-san and Yusasan would definitely not do that kind of thing which Emerada-san is worried about.”
“Why are you so confident?”
“Isn’t it obvious?”
Chiho spoke with an enigmatic smile which Sariel had never seen on her before.
“If he could do that kind of thing, he would not avoid me and Suzuno-san.”
“……?”
“Ah.”
At this moment.
At an unknown point in time, Emerada had already returned in a depressed manner.
“Did you fail?”
“…… Hmph.”
Emerada sniffed while pouting.
“It’s fine~…… because I made the Demon King feel awkward~…… I will let him off 
first this time~”
They did not know what Emerada said.
Chiho looked towards Sariel, but it was not known if he did not hear or he did not want 
to say it. Either way, it looked like he did not plan to tell Chiho anything.
“Chiho-san~ I will bear a grudge against you, you know~”
“Yeah.”
“I really lost greatly in this direct confrontation~. It seems like Emilia places more 
importance on men compared to friendship~”
“Seriously, please do not say that.”
Chiho put her arm around Emerada’s shoulders with a troubled smile.
“Don’t worry. Yusa-san definitely knows that Emerada-san cares about her more than 
anyone else.”
“Uuuu…… with Chiho-san saying that~ wouldn’t it seem that I am the only woman 
with a narrow-minded mindset~……”
Emerada hiccupped as she leaned on Chiho’s shoulder.
“But you are a woman who is much more honest compared to me.”
“Uuuu~……”
“Can I go back now?”
Sariel did not hide the awkwardness he felt at all, saying words that Urushihara would 
say, but Chiho patted Emerada’s back gently, turning to Sariel at the same time while 
shaking her head guiltily,
“Sorry, can you accompany me for a while longer?”
“…… It’s not over yet?”
“Yeah.”
After Chiho nodded, she lifted up Emerada’s face.
“Yusa-san probably didn’t tell you, but I want to show you the other reason why Maousan and Yusa-san cannot stop the cohabitation.”
Maou and Emi walked side by side on Koshu Kaido, heading towards Sasazuka 
station.
Chiho, Emerada and Sariel were openly following behind them.
Forget about Maou, even the passers-by who brushed past Chiho and the others did 
not see them.
This was because Sariel set up a dimensional phase shifting barrier, so no one could 
see the three of them.
Even so, it was close to midnight now.
Even though the last train heading towards Eifukucho was about to leave, Maou and 
Emi were still walking at a leisurely pace.
“…… Maa, considering that they can still go to the Demon King’s apartment, it’s fine 
even if they don’t return to Emilia’s apartment, right?”
Sariel provided this explanation on his own, but Chiho shook her head and replied.
“…… It’s not like that. They do not wish to stay in an environment where they cannot 
hide from the stares of others, like a train. Because they have already obtained the 
understanding from the Shop Manager and the others, it would not matter that much 
in MgRonalds, but if something happens in the train, they would not be able to brush 
it aside.”
“Brush it aside…… what is going on~?”
In response to Emerada’s question, Chiho pointed towards the pair in front of them.
“It might not happen…… ah.”
“Ahh!?”
Just as Chiho looked towards her own hand in surprise, Emerada screamed at the 
same time.
Emi, who had been walking on the path, suddenly pulled Maou into an alley.
“W, wh, what are those two doing in a place like that!!”
Because things happened too quickly, Emerada almost ran out of the barrier, but 
Chiho reached out and stopped her.
“Please wait a moment! That is the other reason why the two of them cannot stop 
cohabitating!”
On the ring finger of Chiho’s hand which she used to grab onto Emerada’s cape, there 
was a ring with a purple jewel embedded on it, that ring was currently glowing faintly.
“…… Hey, what is going on?”
The next moment, a purple flash appeared from the alley which Maou and Emi rushed 
into, then,
“…… T, that is…… Chi, Chiho-san.”
“…… If that sort of thing happened on the train, it would be really bad, right? In the 
past, she would occasionally go against Yusa-san’s intentions, but recently, this 
situation happens very frequently. I heard this from Amane-san and Yusa-san.”
The person who walked out of the alley first was neither Maou nor Emi.
That person’s height came up to around Emi’s shoulder.
Light yellow one piece dress.
Silver hair just like the milky way, and one streak of purple hair.
“Could…… could that be…… Alas=Ramus-chan!?”
That face which was difficult to pin down was not that normally lively and cute toddler.
Whether it was her appearance or stature, everything had grown until it was almost 
Acies’ age.
However, it was less than one month from when Emerada last saw Alas=Ramus.
No matter what, this was not a normal growth speed.
“Was she affected by 『family』?”
“On the second day of their cohabitation, Alas=Ramus-chan overslept, and Maou-san 
went to work before she woke up. Alas=Ramus-chan grew up in one go on that day. 
That was also the first time I received contact from Yusa-san, where she told me about 
them starting to cohabitate.”
“C, could it be……”
“They would probably take a taxi today. After spending 30 minutes together with 
Maou-san and Yusa-san in that state, Alas=Ramus-chan will suddenly revert to her 
merged state, then turn back into her original appearance.”
“…… How do you know that?”
“Because it happened before…… I was not by their side the whole time, so I do not 
know the details, but I heard that with just Maou-san and Yusa-san going their 
separate ways in the supermarket, Alas=Ramus-chan might come out on her own.”
“…… Emilia and Alas=Ramus-chan’s power are clearly the final weapon used to 
defeat God. With this, isn’t it just completely uncontrollable?”
“Hmm…… is that so?”
In contrast to Chiho’s half-baked attitude, Emerada and Sariel were both very 
surprised at Alas=Ramus’ actions which were very different compared to before.
“Since Acies-chan can grow up, then Alas=Ramus-chan can definitely grow up as well, 
but referencing the examples of Shiba-san and the others, this is definitely an 
abnormal situation. Just like how Acies-chan would eat a few hundred onigiri a day, 
Alas=Ramus-chan would grow up by many years in a day. If these are symptoms of 
Sephirah losing control……”
“……”
“We initiated the Battle to Defeat God to regain the smile of Alas=Ramus-chan, but if 
something happens to her, everything that we’re doing now would be wasted, Maousan and Yusa-san would no longer care about the peace of Ente Isla. Therefore…… 
we definitely cannot agitate those children now. If the summit meeting fails and we 
cause misfortunate to fall upon the Sephirah children……”
Emerada gulped in nervousness, and in a rare moment, Sariel waited for Chiho’s next 
sentence with a serious attitude.
“A serious food shortage would definitely happen in Ente Isla.”
““Hah?””
“Because…… no one can guarantee that the situation from before is the limit of Acieschan’s abnormal appetite. Even if she becomes huge later, and becomes a monster 
who devours all the food in the world, it might not be completely impossible, right?”
After Chiho said this seriously, Emerada finally regained her smile.
“The scary thing is that, it does not sound like you are joking.”
“Because I was serious about it…… ah.”
As the trio were conversing, something abnormal happened to Alas=Ramus again.
Maou and Emi worked together to pull Alas=Ramus into the alley as her whole body 
glowed faintly, and after 30 seconds, Emi carried Alas=Ramus who had turned back 
into a little girl, walking out of the alley with a tired Maou.
“If the police saw what happened just now, there would be a misunderstanding, right?”
“That’s why this is taxing for them…… ah, the taxi came.”
Because it looked like Maou was reaching his limit, Emi flagged down a taxi.
After letting Maou get on first, Emi also got in the car to go home, the trio watched this 
scene, each of them nodding and saying.
“You guys…… can do whatever you want, but do not disrupt my store and my life.”
“I can only promise that we will do our best.”
“But…… it’s good that I came to see Chiho-san today…… it seems like forcefully 
coming over here was worth it.”
After Sariel dispelled the dimensional phase shifting barrier while being wary about 
any surrounding gazes, he waved his hand lightly and began his journey home, 
Emerada also carried Chiho on her back and flew into the air.
“Sariel-san! Thank you for accompanying us today!”
“We are leaving first~!”
After watching the two leave after they shouted, Sariel shrugged and said.
“Shouting so loudly, what if someone notices.”
But the expression on his face seemed abnormally gentle and void of maliciousness.
“S, say, Emerada-san.”
“Yes~?”
“Since you pulled me out to run around outside after I just finished cram school, it 
should be my turn to talk about my wishes, right?”
“…… It feels like I have racked up a very expensive favour~”
Emerada said with a troubled smile, then after that, Chiho whispered some words into 
her ear.
Even if they were almost at Chiho’s house, during this period of time, Emerada 
repeatedly looked back at Chiho with a gaze as if she had seen something 
unbelievable.
“Keep your eyes in front.”
“Is your brain still normal, Chiho-san~”
“It’s normal. It is so normal that even I am surprised. Even if it is strange, this is all 
because of Suzuno-san.”
“Ahh…… it’s because Bell-san…… did that thing to the Demon King, right~?”
“Yeah. Actually, because of this, it is part of the reason why I hope that Maou-san and 
Yusa-san can continue with the current situation for a period of time.”
“…… You’re really a bad woman~”
“I have already graduated from 『Chi-chan』.”
After landing on the porch, Chiho stuck her hands at her waist, turning around to face 
Emerada.
For reasons unknown, even though it was hard to believe, for a moment, Emerada 
mistakenly saw this young girl from another world who had a similar stature to her as 
a giant.
Chiho’s body and expression were this domineering.
“Emerada-san, I will make it come true. A high school girl without any fighting ability 
and without any society experience, will create an Ente Isla where humans and 
demons do not need to sacrifice themselves. So……”
I wonder if I have the ability to go to the place where that smile is.
Emerada instantly asked herself this, but immediately obtained the answer.
It was impossible.
Even if the two of them exchanged places, Emerada did not think that she would be 
able to do it.
But after listening to the plan just now, Emerada thought that if it was Chiho, she would 
be able to succeed.
“So, Emerada-san, you just need to stay within what you know, please help Grandma 
Lidem filter the information from other angles before telling her. I will not allow you to 
sleep tonight, okay.”
“…… Working overnight is bad for the body, you know~?”
“I am not 20 years old yet, so something of this level is alright.”
“…… You really have become a bad woman~”
This sentence from Emerada sounded like a mocking statement and a praise at the 
same time, causing Chiho to show a huge smile.
“Because I have been trained by everyone before.”
※
After carrying the deeply sleeping Alas=Ramus to the bed, Emi also knelt on the floor 
in tiredness.
“Hey, are you alright?”
Maou tried to call out to her, but Emi pressed her face against the bed, only turning 
her neck a little without replying.
“…… Yeah.”
Maou also did not continue speaking.
Just encountering Emerada after work was surprising enough, Emerada even touched 
on the areas which Maou and Emi considered sensitive, strongly opposing their 
cohabitation.
Thinking about it carefully, Maou did not know anything about the past of Emi’s 
comrades at all.
With regards to Emerada and Alberto, Maou only roughly knew about their origins, 
and he also felt that there was no need to obtain further information.
Even so, when someone criticised him to that extent, from Maou’s standpoint, he could 
not say anything at all, and Emi probably felt very troubled as well.
Maou originally did not think that Emerada was the type who would prioritise her 
personal feelings at this kind of time, this showed that Emi actually took up a lot of 
space in her heart.
Recently, Emi and Nord did not say anything, in addition to Suzuno being like that, so 
Maou himself had also forgotten, the incident this time caused him to remember after 
a long time that to the humans of Ente Isla, he was an existence which they hated so
much.
“…… This isn’t that good. It is really not that good.”
Recently, Maou felt that a lot of understanding people had increased in his 
surroundings.
Din Dem Urs was like this, Lumark was like this, for the people with a certain status, 
even if they could not forgive him, they would still accept Maou’s actions like it was 
something which happened in the past, this might have caused Maou to view some 
things too simply.
“Thinking about it…… this is natural.”
Maou looked at Emi who was slumped in the bedroom without even turning on the 
lights and the Alas=Ramus who was leisurely sleeping in front of her, pursing his lips 
tightly.
It was too late to reflect on it now, but once he thought about how he became an empty 
shell when Alas=Ramus disappeared for a few days when they were enemies with 
Gabriel, Maou actually felt it was strange why he would arrogantly think that Emerada 
and the others could accept him.
“…… I’m really hungry.”
Maou walked into the kitchen in Emi’s house which he had almost gotten used to, 
opening the fridge after only turning on the lights next to the sink.
“I wonder if that has been finished.”
He checked the fridge for a bit but did not find what he wanted to find.
“Hmm?”
“…… Are you looking for corn, by any chance?”
“Eh?”
“You’re looking for the corn which was left over from the Happiness Set which was 
bought back yesterday, right?”
With eyebags slightly appearing under her eyes, Emi walked out of the bedroom while 
neatening her hair which was in such a state that it looked like she had slept a whole 
night.
Because no lights were turned on in the bedroom and living room, Maou could not 
see Emi’s expression clearly.
“Sorry. I took it to make Alas=Ramus’ breakfast this morning.”
Thinking about it, there seemed to be two egg rolls with corn added to it during 
breakfast.
“Ahh, so it was used there.”
“I did buy them as well, but the amount was lesser than expected. You’re hungry, right? 
If you don’t mind, there is microwavable fried rice in the freezer, you can eat that.”
“Yeah, sorry about that.”
“I’m going to take a shower first.”
After Emi said this, she walked through the living room while looking down.
“……”
Maou felt an awkwardness which was hard to describe, but he still took out a plate 
from the cutlery cupboard, taking out the bag with family size frozen prawn fried rice 
written on it from the freezer, pouring the thing on the plate and wrapping a layer of 
cling film over it, heating it up with a microwave for two and a half minutes.
The microwave continuously produced turning sounds. Maou stood in front of the 
microwave, not moving at all.
Then, he pressed the cancel button when the time showed two minutes and twenty 
nine seconds, opening the lid and taking out the fried rice.
The functions of this microwave seemed to be better than the one Suzuno used before, 
the notification sound from completing the microwave would ring especially long.
Maou had caused Alas=Ramus to wake up because of this before, causing Emi to 
scold him greatly.
“Haah.”
Maou could not muster any motivation to turn on the lights in the living room, bending 
down at his waist in an ungraceful manner to eat the frozen fried rice in front of the 
sink.
“Oh, it’s rather delicious.”
Unexpectedly, Emi frequently used instant and frozen foods.
Maou did not have much opinion on this, but Ashiya and Suzuno normally rarely used 
these things, causing him to feel that a dinner table with a lot of frozen foods was quite 
new and interesting to him.
The two of them had already cohabitated for more than one week.
The three meals were basically prepared by Emi.
In fact, Emi’s cooking skills were considered decent. Because Maou was instructed 
not to touch the ingredients and the cooking utensils if it was not necessary, until now, 
he had left all of these things to Emi to handle.
“…… Fuu.”
Even though the amount looked like it had decreased a lot after microwaving, it was 
enough to fill up his stomach a little.
“……”
After Maou washed the plate and the spoon he used and put it into the drying rack, 
he sat on the sofa in the living room naturally.
Occasionally, either the sounds of Emi showering from the bathroom or the sounds of 
Alas=Ramus flipping over or talking in her sleep could be heard from the bedroom in 
the opposite direction.
“…… It’s quiet…… hm?”
At this moment.
A dull sound was heard in the direction of the bedroom.
Maou got up quickly, then discovered that Alas=Ramus, who was originally sleeping 
on the bed, had moved onto Emi’s futon, opening her eyes slightly to survey the 
surroundings in the dim room.
Once she noticed Maou, she started to cry loudly.
“Pwapa……! Uwahhhh……!”
“Ahhhh, did she fall off from the bed?”
Maou walked into the bedroom, carrying Alas=Ramus who had reached both her arms 
towards him.
“Uwaeee…… it hurttts…….”
“Yosh yosh, you were surprised, right?”
“Uwaeee……”
Listening to the crying resounding in his ears, after Maou carried Alas=Ramus to the 
bed, he lied down next to her as well.
Alas=Ramus, who had fallen from the bed and received a shock, hugged Maou’s neck 
tightly and hiccupped, but five minutes later, she fell asleep again.
Maou moved his body slightly, then Alas=Ramus would hug him tightly on reflex, could 
it be that her brain was still awake?
Even though it looked like he could not move for the time being, Maou was also tired. 
If this went on, he might just sleep while hugging Alas=Ramus.
“…… Is everything alright?”
At this moment, Emi called out from the entrance of the bedroom, putting Maou’s 
consciousness out of his sleepy state.
“…… She seemed to have fallen off the bed. She quietened down now.”
“I see…… thank you.”
“You can go take a longer shower. Else you won’t be able to get rid of the tiredness.”
Because he was being hugged by Alas=Ramus, Maou was unable to turn his head, 
but estimating the time, Emi probably rushed out of the shower frantically when she 
heard the crying.
“It’s fine. I’m used to it. I’m going to blow my hair.”
“Yeah.”
After Emi’s presence left, the sound of the hair dryer was heard from the bathroom.
When Emi was blowing her hair dry, Alas=Ramus had fallen into deep sleep, relaxing 
her grip on Maou, allowing him to get up slowly.
Maou headed towards the bathroom directly, knocking on the door.
“Ah, is it alright now?”
“Yeah. She’s asleep.”
Emi only poked her head out to confirm, Maou also nodded in response.
“Does she fall off the bed frequently?”
“Eh? What?”
It seemed that Emi could not hear clearly because of the sound of the hair dryer, so 
she opened the door fully.
“Uh, this is the first time I’ve seen her fall off the bed ever since I came here, can’t she 
sleep on the floor together?”
“That was the first thing I did at the beginning.”
Based on Emi’s explanation, at the beginning, because she was worried that 
Alas=Ramus would fall off the bed, so Emi prepared a futon for her, but once 
Alas=Ramus slept on the floor, she would roll all over the place.
“It’s still fine in summer, but she would catch a cold like this in winter. As long as she 
sleeps on the bed and is covered properly with a blanket, she would frequently stop 
at the edge of the bed.”
“Then letting her sleep in a merged state……”
“You have also merged with Acies before, so you should be able to understand, right? 
Frequently getting woken up by her, and her suddenly crying loudly in my head, the 
burden on a heart which has just woken up differs greatly between these two cases. 
Do you want to shower?”
“Ahh…… that’s true. I feel lazy to do it but showering in the morning is very 
troublesome too.”
After Maou waited for Emi to finish blow drying her hair and leave, he immediately 
took his own underwear and pyjamas and walked into the changing room, he was now 
used to showering in Emi’s home.
He no longer mixed up the shampoo and body soap and learned how to use the gas 
water heater perfectly.
After Maou quickly finished showering, blow-dried his hair and brushed his teeth, he 
returned to the room. At this time, Emi was already in the bedroom.
“Have you brushed your teeth?”
“I brushed before I showered.”
“I see.”
As they chatted, Maou and Emi lay on the mattresses with their backs facing each 
other.
“It’s good for men, their hair dries quickly.”
Emi said this.
To Maou, this was something normal, so he replied nonchalantly.
“It’ll be fine if you cut it.”
“……”
Silence fell between the two of them for a while.
“Don’t make it sound so simple. Do you know how many years it takes to grow to this 
length?”
“I seriously don’t understand a woman’s thoughts in this area.”
The two of them chatted for a while on unimportant topics in the bedroom where the 
lights were already turned off.
Then after experiencing a period of silence, Emi asked softly.
“…… Are you asleep?”
“…… I was close to sleeping.”
“Ah, sorry……”
“It’s fine. What is it?”
“……”
“Hey, it was you who initiated the conversation.”
“It’s hard to say it, okay.”
“Is it about Emerada?”
“Maa…… yes. I did not expect Eme to say things like that……”
“You don’t need to feel troubled about this kind of thing. For her to say those things 
about me, there is nothing wrong with it, and she also does not think that you have 
really forgiven me.”
“……”
“It’s just that even if it was like that, she is still unable to put up with it, so she came to 
vent. Sorry about that, as her target of hatred, I also cannot do anything for you…… 
yeah”
“Demon King?”
Even if they did not agree on it beforehand, the two of them always slept with their 
backs facing each other ever since they started cohabitating.
But at this moment, Maou turned over and faced Emi.
After Emi sensed Maou’s movements, she also followed and lied on her back, only 
turning her head towards him.
“If you wish to prioritise the feelings of your friends…… I actually am already mentally 
prepared for it.”
“…….”
Even if Emi’s eyes have already grown accustomed to the dark, she was still unable 
to see Maou’s true intentions from his expression.
But it could be confirmed that he was serious when he was saying these words.
For reasons unknown, once Emi saw that kind of Maou, she showed an expression 
like she was going to cry.
“H, hey.”
Maou panicked because of this, but Emi immediately turned away and faced in the 
direction of the bed.
“You and Eme are too underhanded.”
“Hm?”
“…… Currently, I can’t choose at all, right?”
It was not known how much dilemma Emi’s heart had gone through so she could 
become capable of telling Maou this sentence.
Maou could not imagine it, and also felt he should not imagine it.
“That Emerada actually said such absurd words, asking you to choose friendship or 
men is really too classic.”
“Stop saying such stupid things. Unexpectedly, Eme does not understand me that 
well.”
“Isn’t this sort of thing like this? With regards to the affairs of others, most of it is 
thinking we know, but we actually don’t.”
“That is only under normal circumstances. But she really doesn’t understand me. 
Because……”
Emi intentionally curled up tightly.
She exhaled slightly, then said at the same time.
“No matter what goes wrong, it is impossible for me to like you, right?”
In response to this, Maou’s reply was as simple as usual.
“I cannot accept it even if it’s a joke.”
“Alas=Ramus is here as well. Be careful about what you say.”
“Do you have the right to say that to me?”
Maou showed a troubled smile, then he regained his usual composure.
“Tomorrow is my long-awaited rest day. I will take care of Alas=Ramus, sorry, but I 
will leave the idiots who come to the store to you.”
“…… Yeah.”
“Then that’s all, good night.”
“…… Good night.”
After that, Maou squirmed a little, then after that, the presence of him being awake 
could not be felt suddenly, after a short while, regular breathing was heard from him.
Emi was curled up, finding it hard to sleep.
About Emerada, about Maou, the situation of this cohabitation, about Alas=Ramus 
and about Ente Isla, the future of all of this was hard to predict, she could not break 
through the situation with her own power, causing Emi to have the urge to shout like 
she was breaking down.
“This is bad, I can’t sleep.”
Emi made a decision and got up, looking at the two people on both sides of her who 
were sleeping with peaceful expressions.
For unknown reasons, their sleeping posture was exactly the same.
“……. What is this? This is too underhanded.”
Emi did not think that Maou contributed nothing at all to Alas=Ramus’ upbringing.
Even if she felt regretful over unknowingly hurting Emerada, she was left with no other 
choice.
Even so, seeing them silently display invisible bonds, Emi still did not feel satisfied.
Could it be because she felt some fundamental rejection towards Maou?
Or was it an instinctive feeling of strangeness with regards to how the two of them had 
recently become closer to each other compared to before.
“Hmm.”
What could be confirmed was that the various emotions in her heart had become more 
chaotic compared to before.
She should confirm it.
Rather than Demon King Satan, it was more like she had already acknowledged this 
man Maou Sadao, perhaps the closeness she felt towards him was already so strong 
that she could naturally accept the cohabitation, and that she only felt like she was 
obligated to question this situation.
But even if she did not consider this point, it was obvious that she felt like she could 
not accept it currently.
Even if she had to turn her back on the feelings of the friend she made because destiny 
brought them together in order to establish this 『family』, for Emi to go this far, it felt 
like something was lacking.
At this moment.
“…… Mama.”
“…… Are……. you awake again?”
“Un…… toilet……”
Her 『child』 on the bed suddenly woke up.
She was not a toddler.
Alas=Ramus’ physical age had turned into almost the same age as Iron.
She normally had to wear diapers at night.
And would also wet the bed frequently.
But because her body instantly 『aged』to that of an elementary school student in 
year 3 or 4, it caused her to have a different sensation when she wanted to go to the 
toilet, so she woke up.
“Mama…… go together.”
“…… Alright, let’s go together.”
Ever since a long time ago, Alas=Ramus would frequently wake up in the middle of 
the night.
When they first started living together, there was a period of time where she would cry 
very seriously in the middle of the night, and even if she did not cry, she might wake 
Emi up every 3 hours by shouting loudly.
But ever since they started cohabitating with Maou, Alas=Ramus would wake up at 
2am in the morning like this almost every day, and every single time, her body would 
age randomly.
For the situation where she aged the most, it would be just like today, when she turned 
into the age close to that of a middle school student on their way home.
And in the past, there was also one time when it reversed, and she turned into being 
younger than usual.
For the other times, she would normally turn into around Iron’s age, so Emi was rather 
used to it.
But when she was used to it, Emi could not avoid the feeling that the 『deadline』
was approaching.
“Come, let’s sleep together.”
“…… Un.”
Emi placed her hand on Alas=Ramus’ back which was higher than usual, heading to 
the bedroom.
“…… Alas=Ramus.”
“What is it?”
Emi watched her daughter who could lie down on the bed on her own without needing 
to be carried, smiling slightly.
“Good night.”
“…… Un, good night, Mama.”
Together with that reassured sound of breathing, that face which grew a little early 
gradually returned to its normal state.
“After seeing this scene……”
I want to see her future.
Watch her truly growing up.
Wasn’t’ this a very natural parental instinct?
“…… Fufu.”
Emi stroked Alas=Ramus’ hair lightly, turning her head to the side.
Meeting her gaze was Maou’s idiotic sleeping face.
“It feels like I can understand now.”
What was lacking.
The thing which was stuck in her heart.
The unnatural part of this pretending to be family.
“Thinking about it, I did half-jokingly mention this matter to him once before.”
Emi stood up, taking out a notebook from the bookshelf in the living room.
A large notebook with a plastic cover, it looked very thick.
“To become a 『family』, there is something which is absolutely essential, isn’t that 
right? Papa?”
At this moment, it should be impossible to hear Emi’s voice, but for unknown reasons, 
Maou still let out a painful groan in the bedroom.
※
The next morning.
After a long time, Maou spent it at Room 201 of Villa Rosa Sasazuka.
Facing the wind blowing in front the windows, Alas=Ramus was currently taking an 
afternoon nap.
The futon set for sleeping outside of her home which Maou bought together with Emi 
was covering her now.
“I did something bad to her huh.”
Maou looked towards a photo frame.
In the photos were Alas=Ramus’ appearance when she first started to merge with Emi.
That photo was taken after entering summer last year.
His beloved daughter in that, and Alas=Ramus who was currently sleeping in front of 
her with both her arms raised……
“Why did I not notice? It is impossible for such a thing to happen in the first place.”
It was exactly the same.
A baby’s appearance for one year.
Logically, after one year, her appearance, height and stature should have changed 
greatly.
However, for Maou’s impression of Alas=Ramus, it was always 『the same as usual』.
“You want to grow up, right? In order to continue moving forward.”
Reflecting the world’s astral energy strongly, 『humans』.
Maou interpreted on his own that Alas=Ramus and Acies 『losing control』 should 
be their protest against the people who caused the world to come to a standstill.
At this moment, someone opened the porch door.
“I returned late. Demon King-sama.”
“Oh. Sorry to look for you when you’re busy.”
Ashiya came in carrying bags from the supermarket.
“It feels like it’s been a long time since I saw you like that.”
“I heard that Libicocco showed strong selection bias in his cooking, so I want to take 
this chance when returning to make a few dishes, putting it here for his reference.”
Ashiya, who was busy helping the demons and humans build relations, definitely 
returned to Japan because of a very important reason.
Maou called him back directly because of a very important issue.
“I do not have much time, can I cook while listening?”
“Yeah, it’s fine. I will finish quickly. It’s just that because I need to tell this to you face 
to face, that’s why I wanted you to find time in your busy schedule to come back.”
“I am Demon King-sama’s subordinate after all.”
After Ashiya said this, he took out the familiar apron and stood in the kitchen.
“Ah…… this feels calming.”
“Is that so?”
“There’s a feeling like I have returned home.”
“For words like that, say it at the Demon Fortress in Ente Isla.”
Even Ashiya’s cool headed tone as he complained caused Maou to feel grateful.
“With regards to the summit meeting, are you and Chi-chan handling everything 
smoothly?”
“It is being done secretly, but almost all the attendees have arrived at Noza Quarters. 
To Bell, Servantes and Emerada, this matter is unexpectedly difficult. After all, there 
are so many eyes which they have to hide from.”
“Yeah…… after climbing to a certain position, other people would even pay attention 
to whether they are resting during their off-day, it’s so difficult.”
“It seems to be that way. Is Demon King-sama doing well? Cohabitating with Emilia, 
you probably accumulated a lot of mental fatigue, right?”
“…… Let me confirm this anyway, Amane-san didn’t talk about things which didn’t 
happen, right?”
“Including Acies eating huge amounts of food, I only receive the minimum amount of 
information from her. As long as it is said to be for Alas=Ramus’ sake, I cannot protest 
against it forcefully. After all, the state of the two Yesod children can affect various 
issues in the Battle to Defeat God……”
“I had thought that the people around us would protest more.”
“The issue has already passed that stage, right?”
“What stage does it have to be for the Demon King and Hero to cohabitate.”
“I don’t know.”
When Ashiya was speaking, he was preparing the ingredients efficiently.
“Uhh, I have two things I want to discuss with you, one is about Chi-chan.”
“Yes.”
With regards to this, I wish to discuss this with Emi and Suzuno as soon as possible, 
before attacking Heaven, what do you think about everyone looking for Chi-chan’s 
mother and apologising to her?”
“…… Ah, I see.”
Ashiya nodded seriously.
“That is true. I also feel that there is a need to do so. When Sasaki-san’s mother visited 
the Demon Fortress earlier, I did not have much time to bring her around, and asked 
someone to help in the end……”
“The six of us have to go together and apologise to her. After all, it cannot be 
guaranteed that all of us would still be alive after the Battle to Defeat God.”
“You are correct. If Sasaki-san’s father also plans to be present, what do you plan to 
do?’
“We will deal with it then. I plan to handle it while completely following the intentions 
of Chi-chan’s mother. And actually, I owe a debt to Chi-chan’s father.”
“When did this happen?”
“You were actually one of the involved parties. It’s just that you didn’t know. Haah, 
Chi-chan’s father is a policeman after all. Depending on the situation, perhaps 
Landlady-san and the others will nag a lot, this concerns the credibility of the Demon 
King Army, we have to apologise to them formally.”
“What about Urushihara? He does not have any formal wear.”
“…… Just prepare something for him. It is a problem concerning one’s mental attitude.”
“Yeah, I understand it now. I will include this matter into the itinerary. Then, what is 
the other matter?”
“Ahh…… I want to show you something, you can look at it after you’re done cooking.”
Maou was holding a stack of printing paper, causing Ashiya to feel very perplexed.
Even though he was concerned about Maou’s listless gaze, after Ashiya still first put 
the things he wanted to cook into a pot and set it to low heat, he washed his hands a 
little and sat in front of Maou.
“Let me give you a warning before you look.”
As if he wanted Ashiya to mentally prepare himself again, Maou said this.
“Hah?”
“…… Don’t shout too loudly. Alas=Ramus just fell asleep.”
“Yes…… then.”
Even if he became more uncertain, Ashiya still picked up that stack of paper which 
seemed to number more than ten pages, looking at the first piece of paper first.
“………… Uu!!!”

In an instant, Ashiya stopped breathing, his whole body trembled and his complexion 
turned pale.
“Guh!”
With every piece of paper he flipped over and read, Ashiya’s expression would 
constantly change, as if he was a traffic light or disco ball, and when he saw the last 
piece of paper, his eyes were already bloodshot, as if he would explode any moment.
“Ma, Ma, Ma, Maou-sama, t, t, t, this…… this is!!”
“Yeah, it’s really bad, right?”
In contrast to Ashiya, Maou’s expression and voice were dry.
“This has already surpassed the level of bad!!”
“You’re too loud.”
“H, how, how can such an unreasonable thing be allowed……!”
“No…… this is not to the level of unreasonable…… I can still accept it, you know. After 
all, it is really like that, yeah?”
“B, but…… but why now…… no matter what, we will have to face a common enemy 
after this, ac, actually doing something akin to shooting your comrade in the back……!”
“No, think about it carefully…… it seems like she would occasionally mention this 
matter…… it was just that considering the relationship between us, I would normally 
pretend that I did not hear it, and she did not seem to be that serious about it…… but, 
once she lists it out like this……”
“Is, is there proof? It might just be fabricated……”
“I feel like there are no openings, you know? Because everything unrelated has 
already been removed.”
“H…… how can this be……!! T, this, this kind of thing!”
“Do you know why I asked you to come back now? I want to hear your opinion, my 
right hand man and also the clerk of Room 201……”
“…… Impossible.”
“Huh?”
“Impossible.”
Ashiya’s voice when he said this was practically the model of extreme sadness and 
pain.
“It is…… impossible for us to deny this debt.”
After hearing Ashiya’s pain filled reply, Maou slumped on the tatami weakly.
He turned his face to the side and saw Alas=Ramus’ steady sleeping face.
“As expected. The current situation does not allow us to do so at all.”
“If…… we do not admit to this debt…… not just Ente Isla, even the people in Japan 
would become our enemy…… ugh, damn it……”
Ashiya gripped that stack of printing paper tightly.
“Hey, hey.”
“Damn Emilia…… actually taking the chance to do such a bastardly move….. when I 
am not around ahhhhh!”
“I already told you not to be too loud.”
Maou took that stack of paper which had become crumpled from Ashiya’s hands.
Emi’s handwriting was on the first piece of paper, with the following words written.
『Invoice For Child-rearing Expenses』.
For the remaining paper, it was a list of all the expenses Emi paid which was related 
to the raising of Alas=Ramus since she started taking care of last year.
The food expenses and clothes expenses were a given, and even if the ratio was not 
high, even the rent of Urban Heights Eifukucho was included within.
The requested amount was half of all of Alas=Ramus’ child-rearing expenses.
The total was 283, 538 yen.
『Ne, Papa? To become Alas=Ramus’ family consisting of the three of us, I feel like 
one thing is still missing from our life.』
Emi suddenly said these strange words while eating breakfast.
From her tone and expression, Maou felt strange bad chills which were hard to 
describe, and after reading the document she took out, he lost five minutes of his 
consciousness.
After Maou regained his consciousness, he wanted to protest on reflex.
But after that, Emi took out the account records which she started to record after living 
with Alas=Ramus and the receipts she kept, explaining that she only asked for 
payment for the expenses she spent on Alas=Ramus.
『For example, for the toys, the Rilakkuma toys which I wanted to buy for her are not 
included within this. It is the same for the more expensive meals when we go out to 
play. Even so, clothes, perishables, meal expenses and electricity bills still take up a 
large amount. 』
Regular bills like electricity bills and rent were calculated as ¼ of the full amount, but 
the fees for air conditioning which needed to be used in summer and heater which 
needed to be used in winter were calculated as half of the full amount.
『The total of these expenses are 567, 760 yen, but I am also her mother and there 
is a reason why she has to live together with me, so I will bear half the expenses…… 
but. 』
At the breakfast table, the Hero showed a kind smile like that of a mother and a good 
wife, using words as sharp as Better Half to pierce straight into the heart of the Demon 
King.
『Money, is also one of the realistic areas in a family, right? 』
After hearing the situation of the conversation between Alas=Ramus’ parents, as if he 
had turned into ashes, Ashiya became completely weak.
“B, but…… 280,000 yen…… is really too……!”
“Emi did not ask me to return it all at once. And I have already checked it before you 
came back, with regards to the child-rearing fees paid after divorce, the usual market 
rate seems to be around 50,000 yen per month. And she is not charging us interest, 
so she has already given us a lot of discount.”
“Before even talking about divorce, there was no marriage in the first place!”
“It’s too late to be saying this now. And you also said just now that this debt cannot be 
ignored, right?”
“T, that is correct……”
It was easy for Maou to reject Emi’s request.
But just like what he said just now, Emi’s request was appropriate, and she did not 
inflate it.
In fact, Maou admired the fact that Emi could continuously satisfy Alas=Ramus’ needs 
under such frugal conditions.
Therefore, if he rejected her request, everyone around Maou would suspect that his 
love towards Alas=Ramus was not enough, and they would also think that he was not 
trustworthy.
The 『everyone』which was mentioned here was not just Chiho, Suzuno, Amane, 
Shiba, Emerada and Alberto, the people who were close to Maou and Emi.
It would also result in displeasure from Kisaki, Iwaki, Kawada and Akiko, who only 
recently knew about the truth, as well as Shiba’s clan.
And if he caused Chiho and the others to be displeased now, it would definitely worsen 
the impression of the Demon King Army and all the demons, who already had a bad 
image.
If this issue reached the ears of Din Dem Urs and the others, he did not know how he 
would be criticised during the summit meeting.
In the worst case scenario, it might be possible that only the fact that Demon King 
Satan betrayed Hero Emilia would be widely spread, causing others to feel that 
demons could not be trusted after all, leading to the betrayal from the Unifying Azure 
Emperor or Warrior Leader Lagides. If their plan for demons to be accepted failed, 
Servantes who wanted to accept Heaven’s forces as a countermeasure would 
probably leave as well.
With this, even if Chiho had the backing of Din Dem Urs, she would still be a helpless 
high school girl.
No one would listen to her, the demons would also lose a place to settle down, humans 
would sink into the chaos of war in the Central Continent and after the end of the Battle 
to Defeat God, only a regretful result would be left.
“I have also thought about it, but I still want to obtain your endorsement. That’s why I 
asked you to come back.”
“This…… this kind of thing…… ugohhhh…… ah, oh no, oh no.”
As Ashiya was shedding manly tears, the pot behind him started to produce bubbles, 
causing him to get up frantically to turn off the fire.
“On the contrary, as long as we agree to pay this amount of money…… it might cause 
the summit to proceed more smoothly. Ashiya, I hope you can understand…… I…… 
plan to accept her request.”
“…….. I…… I understand.”
From Ashiya’s tall back, the painful feelings of being betrayed flowed out.
“Demon King-sama.”
“Yeah……”
“……. It is only now…… did I realise this.”
“Yeah.”
Ashiya turned to look at Maou with a frail expression.
“Our Demon King Army…… have already lost to the Hero a long time ago.”
“You really realised it too late.”
280,000 Japanese yen.
Even though this amount was not considered small, it was not to the point where they 
could not pay it back via a repayment plan. For some young people in their twenties, 
their monthly salary would be around that amount.
The problem was that currently, the Demon Fortress needed to earn this money 
『legally within Japan』.
They definitely could not rely on the assets which they snatched during the conquering 
of Ente Isla in the past to pay this debt.
The two members of the Demon King Army who had lost to Hero Emilia in the past, 
were really pushed into a corner by this reality which they could not escape from.
“There is no way to escape from this.”
“Yes……”
“If we run away, we will lose everything this time.”
“Yes……”
“Sometimes we need to be willing to make sacrifices to get out of a dire situation, now 
is the time to lie low.”
“It feels like we have lied low for a long time now……”
“Didn’t you say this at the beginning. There will be hope as long as we are still alive. 
We need to overcome this crisis.”
“…… You are correct…… money…… is more powerful than the holy sword……”
At this moment.
For the first time, the Demon King Satan and Demon General Alsiel truly admitted that 
they have lost to Hero Emilia.
“Either way, I have already requested from Emi to give us a bit of time to prepare. As 
long as some money is deducted per month to return it, the current her should be able 
to accept it. You should take this time to work hard and get through the summit 
meeting, making the Unifying Azure Emperor agree to the early migration.”
“Is, is that possible. Since Sasaki-san is the Chairperson, the deliberations would 
probably be done fairly…… even though I think it is rather improbable, but Demon 
King-sama, when you were cohabitating with Emilia, did you do anything which would 
cause Sasaki-san to feel unhappy?”
“Ugh…… possibly.”
“Why do you have to choose such a time to do that kind of thing!”
“It’s not my fault!”
“Demon King-sama’s expression just now, it looked like you thought of something!”
“No, erhm, there’s nothing bad about being fair, thinking about, everyone is busy, right? 
Chi-chan would not be especially hostile against us, if it is dragged on for too long, the 
humans will also start fighting.”
“This method that doesn’t hide any desires is a bad move amongst bad moves!”
“It’s more like Emi and I do not know what the goal of the summit meeting is! That is 
a plan of yours and Chi-chan, right! You should have a way to slightly control the flow 
of the summit meeting, right? Even though the Demon Fortress is to be attacked again, 
what is it about in the end! Isn’t the original goal to reduce the sacrifices of humans 
and demons during the Battle to Defeat God?”
“Of course, we are taking action based on this direction! As long as we can 
successfully obtain Servantes’ support, it would increase the chances of the plan’s 
success, but including us Demon King Army, we need to adjust the distribution of the 
benefits after the battle! It’s more like that is the main topic of discussion!”
“C, can Chi-chan accomplish that kind of thing! Could it be that she is only being 
controlled by that old Granny!?”
“I, I am working hard to prevent that kind of situation from happening, but the other 
party would not allow me to make contact with Sasaki-san at all……!”
“This means that you are able to control Chi-chan as well!”
At that moment.
When the two demons were engaged in a low-level argument, the doorbell of Room 
201 rang.
That sound transmitted into the quiet room.
“Excuse me. Maou-san, are you there?”
“Ch, Chi-chan……”
It was Chiho’s voice.
If it was Chiho, she would have already known that Maou was at home when she 
heard sounds from the room when she was in the public corridor.
“T, the door’s not locked.”
After Ashiya squeezed this sentence out, Chiho acted just like normal,
“Sorry for disturbing.”
And walked into the room with her usual expression.
“H, hi, Chi-chan.”
“Hello, Maou-san, Ashiya-san.”
“H, hello……”
“W, what’s wrong? Chi-chan…… suddenly……”
Maou and Ashiya both felt a strange pressure from Chiho.
No, Chiho looked the same as normal.
It was simply because in the hearts of Maou and Ashiya, the saplings of fear towards 
Chiho had grown.
What Chiho had done recently was that alarming.
“I have something I would like to ask the two of you.”
“A, ask us?”
“Yes. This is also something important to the Battle to Defeat God. There are already 
many things in Ente Isla which are close to losing control, I wish to take action first.”
What is this high school girl saying?
The Demon King and Demon General were completely losing to the pressure of a 
high school girl who had just turned 17 years old.
“I received contact from Grandma Lidem. The itinerary of Lumark-san and Servantessan seemed to have been arranged already, even though it’s a little rushed, the 
summit meeting will start two days later.”
Chiho said this nonchalantly, as if what she was doing nothing more than setting up a 
casual sports team, then looked directly at Maou.
“Maou-san.”
“Y, yeah.”
“I want you to make a choice.”
“Eh, make a choice……”
Could it be that he would be asked to choose between Chiho and Suzuno now?
Such an imagined thought surfaced in Maou’s mind, but the choice he had to face,
“For the toppings in miso soup, radish and tofu, which one do you think is better?”
“………… Huh?”
This was an overly mysterious choice.
Chiho smiled at Maou who could not understand this question.
“Maou-san’s decision will affect the summit meeting and the future of Ente Isla. So…… 
you have to choose carefully, okay?”

High School Girl, Moving The World
After the King of Demons was asked by a high school girl what topping he liked in 
miso soup, three more days passed.
◇
That loud sound shook the atmosphere, causing everyone to feel nervous.
That imposing appearance that pierced the skies was enough to allow anyone to 
realise their uselessness.
But one person was facing that giant ancient demon unyieldingly.
“Oh my, seeing him move with my own eyes like this…… ugoh!?”
“Warrior Leader! You’re too close!!”
Wathewlama’s Warrior Leader, Lagides Raz Ryan smiled at his screaming 
subordinate.
“What are you saying! This is a rare scene to see in one’s lifetime! Of course I will 
have to stand closer to looooook!?”
“Spare more thought for the people who are forced to go along with your crazy 
actionssss!”
The dragon’s violence attacked the center of the Central Continent.
After the sleeping giant dragon Kinanah woke up, he would start to rampage to 
search for Nothung.
Lagides said childish words, loitering around the rampaging Kinanah’s feet. Having a 
hard time, his pitiful subordinates and Alberto protected his safety.
『xxxx!!』
“That seems to be the language of the Demon World! What is he saying!!”
“Who knows what a lizard with dementia is saying! Seriously, when will those 
Malebranches be done with their preparations!!”
The place reached after walking south for half a day from the Demon Fortress.
That was the battle location of the『Five Continent Alliance Knights who set off from 
Saza Quarters』.
“You don’t plan to entertain us a little longer? We did follow your strategy after all!”
“I have no obligations to put my life on the line to follow along with the crazy actions 
of the important people!!”
Ignoring this subordinate stopping him, this king who wanted to immediately run up to 
Kinanah’s foot caused Alberto to feel very irritated.
“What are those Malebranches planning to do? Even though we had paid the price in 
blood to find out that they are experts in illusion magic, how do they plan to use that 
magic to suppress this lizard!?”
“The main thing is to use that strange to do various things! The spells which they are 
skilled in within their various clans are different! The subordinates of that guy Farfar, 
Ciriatto and Libicocco are all slightly different ahhhhhh!?”
Kinanah opened his mouth, shooting a magic sonar towards Lagides and Alberto who 
was running away and shouting at the same time.
“How unfathomable!”
“Is this the time to feel happy! Do we really have to fight with this kind of guy for a 
week!?”
Just as Alberto started to complain very early on.
“Al! Warrior Leader Lagides! Retreat quickly! Ciriatto and the others have finished 
preparing!”
Emi gave instructions, causing Lagides to increase the distance between him and 
Kinanah as he felt some regret in doing so.
The warriors of Wathewlama also started to escape in different directions, and 
Kinanah’s gaze as he repeatedly choose random targets to attack hesitated for an 
instant.
Taking this chance,
“Ugoh!?”
Lagides was shook by the demonic magic filling up the surroundings, gasping.
Much more oppressive than the demonic magic launched by Kinanah, the demonic 
magic which caused discomfort in humans appeared at the feet of the giant dragon.
“Alberto-san! Warrior Leader Lagides! Retreat quickly!”
The sorcerers wearing the robes of the Theocracy led by Emi matched the timing of 
the emitted demonic magic. Standing between the Wathewlama warriors and the 
demonic magic, they put up a holy magic barrier.
“Ciriatto! It’s okay now!”
After confirming that all the humans in the area were protected, Emi gave instructions 
again, then a light pillar spell which looked like it was strong enough to hold up the sky 
enveloped Kinanah, causing him to groan.
“Ugoohhhh!?”
“Ugh!?”
Amongst the humans, the resistance Emi and Alberto had for demonic magic was 
considered rather strong, but even they came close to being unable to withstand that 
roar, the light pillar formed by demonic magic so started to shake slightly.
“Oh, how dangerous.”
But a holy magic barrier appeared, rising up along the exterior of the demonic magic 
light pillar.
“Such a sloppy magic spell. It is emitting too much unnecessary energy. Like this, the 
military forces all over the world which we managed to integrate after much effort might 
reconsider deploying troops over here.”
With a composed expression, Gabriel used holy magic to 『reinforce』 the demonic 
magic pillar.
“If you really think that way, then work seriously! You have to complete more work 
than all the Malebranches added together!”
“So terribly black~”
Gabriel showed a composed smile, his holy magic was enough to match up with the 
demonic magic barrier put up by Ciriatto and the twenty Malebranches under him.
That was the same as Kinanah’s magic sonar, a power easily discovered by people 
nearby.
“Can this really make that lizard quiet down?”
“It’s faster for you to look at the results directly? It seems like before the situation 
became like this, the Malebranches were already secretly working with Bell’s 
subordinates, they have already done the same thing many times!”
“Oh…… oh my, it’s true.”
The demonic magic pillar gradually shrank within the holy magic barrier.
In the end, what was left inside was Kinanah who had shrunk to around twice the size 
of a human.
“On the contrary, the ground will become like this.”
“That can’t be helped.”
The 『demonic magic absorption』 spell of the Malebranches was a power which 
caused their enemy’s demonic magic to return the land.
Once Kinanah started to rampage, Ciriatto and the rest would follow the instructions 
from Lumark and Urushihara to achieve balance with the humans’ holy magic barrier, 
trying hard to not allow the factions from the other four continents to sense any 
powerful energy other than Kinanah.
“So that’s why those sorcerers were able to support Wathewlama’s warriors so 
quickly.”
“You have been staying here the whole time, right!? Why do you not know!”
“Oh my, I am basically only responsible for suppressing his movements, so I do not 
have much interest in the other things.”
Did he really have the self-awareness that he was one of the key people defending 
the Demon Fortress?
But for Gabriel to change such that he was able to use his full power like this, to Emi 
and the others and the people attending the summit meeting, this represented that 
things were currently developing in a positive direction.
◇
Two days after the battle where Emi complained about Gabriel’s careless and 
protected Lagides.
Crestia Bell received an invitation from Din Dem Urs, arriving at the shop Din Dem 
Urs frequented in the Goat’s Enclosure.
Just as Farfarello and her were enjoying Mongolian barbecued meat, a priest working 
below her rushed into the store holding a document with an emergency report written 
on it.
Of course, this subordinate was a sorcerer who knew about the inner workings of the 
Battle to Defeat God, so even if he was dressed like a priest, he was originally a Saint 
Aire researcher working under Emerada.
“It seems like our worries were unnecessary.”
Crestia breathed a sigh of relief after reading the report and passed that document 
over to Din Dem Urs who was currently focused on barbecuing meat.
“I am barbecuing very happily now, just read it to me.”
“Yes…… ahh, it seems like I can already see Lord Caesar’s panicked expression.”
The creator of this report should be Caesar’s subordinate, and it was a Church Knight 
who was unrelated to the Battle to Defeat God.
In scrawled messy handwriting, this was written on top.
『The Unifying Azure Emperor is attending the negotiation personally.』
“Oh~ it is strange for Old Man Fu to be this honourable.”
Even though the Holy Conquest army from the Theocracy Church Knights wanted to 
attack from the south of the central continent, but Afsahan Hakin Knights did not hide 
their intentions of wanting to obstruct the Church Knights, deploying troops in the 
eastern area of the central continent.
As the Holy Conquest declared to the world that they would not cause a war in the 
central continent, so from the standpoint of the Church Knights, they could not clash 
with the Hakin Knights at all.
In order to suppress the other party, the highest ranked person in the Church, 
Archbishop Caesar, decided to go over personally to negotiate, but unexpectedly, for 
Afsahan, the one attending was the top ruler in the continent who did not respect 
Caesar at all.
At this moment, Caesar was probably being interrogated by the Seisokin and the 
Unifying Azure Emperor and feeling very flustered.
Of course, to Suzuno and Din Dem Urs, the attendance of the Unifying Azure Emperor 
was something 『within plan』.
In the country of Afsahan ruled by the Unifying Azure Emperor, the will of the Unifying 
Azure Emperor would take priority in everything.
On the contrary, Caesar’s will was only the will of one of the Six Archbishops, it did 
represent the will of the Church Knights or the whole Holy Conquest.
The authority of the two parties participating in this negotiation was completely 
unbalanced, so it was impossible to reach a consensus between countries.
But Suzuno, the Commander of the Holy Conquest, was currently being 『questioned 
closely』 by the big shots in the northern continent at the Goat’s Enclosure and could 
not leave. The other three Archbishops were at the faraway Western Continent.
In addition, 『for reasons unknown』, Servantes were currently busily working in the 
Church Headquarters, not replying to Caesar’s request to attend.
Caesar had just started to negotiate but was unable to do anything at all, so he could 
only return to Welland Isa without gaining anything.
“Honestly, I did not expect the Unifying Azure Emperor to do this much. When I heard 
the troops stationed there were the Seisuikin, I still felt a little uneasy……”
Even so, to Suzuno and the others, not only had the Unifying Azure Emperor never 
hid his ambitions to conquer the world, he was a scary old man whose thoughts could 
not be read at all.
Because of this, no one knew how seriously the Unifying Azure Emperor viewed the 
Battle to Defeat God, causing others to feel that this situation was hard to grasp.
But in the end, everything was developing based on the contents of the 『agreed 
decision』, causing Crestia to breathe a sigh of belief. However, behind Din Dem Urs’ 
surprised expression, the flames of wariness burned.
“Mini Scythe. Has Alsiel ever considered snatching the position of King away from Old 
Man Fu?”
“Hah!? What are you talking about all of a sudden!”
Crestia shook her head in surprise and replied.
“I really do not think that Alsiel would have such plans now. Firstly that would go 
against the 『agreed decision』, and this would be only allowing the Demon King 
Army to move their base to the east. They would not be able to achieve their goal like 
this.
“…… I thought so. Of course I know about that. If it’s like that…… haaaaa.”
Din Dem Urs picked up the pipe placed to the side, pulling out tobacco from the front 
of her clothes and stuffing them into the front end of the pipe.
“Seriously…… it feels like things would become very troublesome afterwards. That 
damn old man……”
◇
Two days after Suzuno and Din Dem Urs ate meat together.
“Haah~…… the Unifying Azure Emperor made the effort to attend personally huh~”
“Yeah. These two days, it seemed like Archbishop Caesar had travelled between 
Welland Isa and Noza Quarters by himself many times while crying.”
“So that’s why their actions had become so frantic~”
“For a strategy to obtain more time, there is nothing more effective than this, but……”
“It feels like this favour would be expensive~”
Eastern area of the western continent, the port of Keyrinz Republic, Ramsworth.
Emerada and Lumark leisurely observed the situation of the port from the Saint Aire 
embassy residence in Ramsworth.
“Maa, we just have to think of ways to return the portion we have borrowed. I have 
already thought of a few methods. Bell is current at Fiensi, right?”
Outside the window Lumark was looking out of, other than the Holy Conquest ships 
which were headed north, there was still a large sailing vessel horizontally cutting 
across, leaving the port and heading east.
“That’s right~. She is currently receiving a 『reprimand』 from Madam Din Dem Urs~”
“How relaxed.”
“After actually climbing to that kind of position~ a person would not really be able to 
take action based on what they say~ Miss Lumark should know this very well, right~?”
“Sometimes I can, sometimes I cannot. Maa…… Bell’s situation is that she does not 
plan to act for the sake of the Church’s benefit at all, so it’s still alright, but if she is 
taking action based on her identity as a General of the Demon King Army, then that is 
too relaxed, I really pity Alsiel.”
“It can’t be helped~. In various ways, Alsiel had already messed up the whole world~ 
he should occasionally have a taste of what it’s like~”
“…… Based on the information I heard from Emilia, he seems to be in the role where 
he is always being messed up by other people.”
“Perhaps that might be the case~”
As the two of them were chatting, another ship headed east.
This ship was heading towards the western administrative city in the central continent.
The Wes Quarters which was practically not operating anymore.
“By the way, the matter with Emilia is alright now?”
Once Lumark mentioned Emi, she poked Emerada in a teasing manner.
Emerada did not hide her irritated expression at all, swatting Lumark’s hand away.
“How can I accept it~. But~…… many things happened later which caused me to feel 
a little satisfied~ so I won’t pursue it for the time being~”
“Putting on a brave front.”
“Annoying~!”
“…… Even so, in some sense, this is thanks to Bell. Because the east, north and south 
did not act, like this, the west…… no, we would be able to monopolise the 『other 
spoils of war』 from the 『Battle to Defeat God』.”
“What you mean is only pushing the troublesome things to Miss Bell and Servantes 
~?”
“They are probably used to it, for troubles of this standard, they will accept it.”
“That would be good if it were like that~. But~ you should know as well~ they are not 
opponents which can be handled that easily, you know~? It is the same even if we 
consider their individual abilities~……”
“Yeah, I know that.”
Lumark’s expression did not change from the beginning until the end.
She understood what Emerada wanted to say, and replied, following what was 
prepared beforehand.
“A leader, country and land which can be depended on. As long as one of them is 
missing, a perfect state cannot be maintained. This can be applied to all『humans』. 
They are humans as well, right?”
“…… Yeah~ maa~ more or less~.”
“It is very clear once you look at those two people staying in the Demon Fortress. No, 
it’s more like if they are already considered as those with a higher standard, then it 
should be much easier to handle that the Unifying Azure Emperor or the Demon King 
Army.”
“You should not grow careless~. I learned in Japan before, acting like this, you are 
raising a flag for failure~”
“I know that. But, if it really becomes a 『flag』.”
Lumark watched the third ship leave and threw a flying kiss towards the back of the 
ship.
“At that time, it would be time for the summit meeting and the leaders of the Demon 
King Army to step up, right?”
“…… Miss Lumark is really a bad person~”
“What are you saying? This is normal. Amongst the humans who were dragged into 
this battle, I am the most normal person. Seriously, everyone is like a monster, I’m 
shivering.”
Even though Emerada was thinking act a bit more properly if you want to act clueless, 
it was useless to rebuke anyway, so she did not say anything.
“Such a normal me, is actually going to welcome the 『Lord Angels』 living on that 
side of the sky. Is there anything scarier than that?”
“Yes, yes, yes, I understand~……”
Emerada could only shrug while feeling stunned.
“Therefore…… we have to ask Archbishop Caesar to work hard and negotiate with 
His Majesty the Unifying Azure Emperor for a longer time. They have to communicate 
for at least one week to decrease unnecessary sacrifices.”
“That’s right~”
Emerada sighed lightly.
“We did not let Miss Chiho know about this~ but the small scale conflicts in the plains 
of the northeast region of the central continent have already caused close to 100 
sacrifices~ the Church Knights and the Hakin Knights are too hot blooded~ how 
troubling~”
“However, even if 100 people died, the Church and Afsahan can still continue to 
advocate for peace. Before the Demon King Army appeared, this is a situation which 
could not be imagined at all. The world has really turned peaceful.”
“That’s right~”
Emerada expressed her agreement with an empty gaze.
“On the contrary~ for the two of us who can chat about this nonchalantly~……”
“We will definitely be unable to go to Heaven, right? Even though it feels like such a 
thing doesn’t exist at all.”
Lumark even said this with a smile.
◇
Around the same time when Emerada and Lumark were chatting and laughing.
“Ara yosh!!”
Gabriel swung down Durandal which was missing its top half, cutting off the front 
section of Kinanah’s tail and sending it flying.
The lizard tail, which had a diameter of around three meters along just its cut surface, 
wiggled erratically in the air.
“Ugohhh! The tail this time is really lively!!”
“Why did you appear here, I can’t let my guard down at all!!”
The tail fell, heading straight for Lagides, causing Alberto to run over again to save 
him.
“This is already the third time this week! How many tails do you plan to bring back!!”
“The more the better of course!!”
“Seriously!!”
The week that the summit meeting would begin.
Lagides and the others have already repeatedly experienced the process of stealing 
Kinanah’s demonic magic to cause him to shrink, then waited until the sleeping 
Kinanah grew up slightly and rampaged, then made him shrink again.
During this process, Kinanah became able to shoot light beams from the sharp tip of 
his tail, and after Gabriel cut off his tail in order to suppress him, the effects of the spell 
by Ciriatto and the others improved significantly, so this was already the sixth time 
Gabriel cut off Kinanah’s tail.
Currently, Kinanah’s body could only grow to a size which was slightly smaller than a 
Tyrannosaurus.
“It would be troublesome if we went too far such that he is unable to regenerate, it is 
about time to finish it!”
After Gabriel said this, he looked in the direction of the Demon Fortress.
After the start of the summit meeting, the day when the Demon Fortress would launch 
was approaching. Recently, they have been rushing to repair the interior and the 
exterior wall.
Of course, the most important part was still the core which allowed the Demon 
Fortress to fly.
The mechanism which incorporated the Ancient Demon King Satan’s legacies was 
currently being repaired by Urushihara alone.
“Could that guy be slacking off!”
“It seems like it can already fly, it’s just that the timing needs to be considered, even 
if he regained his memories, it is not possible to fix his personality as well, we should 
just wait patiently!”
“Even if it is like that, there should be a limit!”
For this week, they had already gone through three battles to suppress Kinanah, other 
than Lagides who continued feeling excited as if they were slaying a dragon, even 
Gabriel was starting to show signs of fatigue.
“The obstruction the Unifying Azure Emperor set up around Noza Quarters should be 
starting to lose its effect. If the repairs cannot be done quickly until it reaches a state 
where it can take off anytime, Bell and the others and the Hakin Knights would not be 
able to hold on after it flies, you know.”
Everything in this war needed to start with attacking Heaven.
However, the Demon Fortress was preparing to flee to the Demon World, even if it 
wanted to fly, they had to first create the reality of 『the descent of angels』 which 
the Western Continent could accept, there was no way they could wait leisurely.
If no results were obtained from the Holy Conquest, the people from the west might 
riot. And once the west rioted, the east and the north would also start fighting.
IF they wanted to minimise the conflicts and sacrifices in the Central Continent after 
the Demon Fortress took off, then at the slowest, they still had to complete their goal 
of attacking Heaven and defeating God within a month.
“Maa, about that part.”
Gabriel, showing a smile as if he was pondering something, looked towards the sky 
to the north of the Demon Fortress.
“We can only believe in the secret strategy thought out by 『him』 after the recovery 
of his memories. Lucifer said that as long as there are those facilities in the 
underground of the Demon World protected by Kinanah, Heaven can be attacked 
easily. He is someone who would not say those kinds of words the most. If so, don’t 
you feel like taking a gamble on him when no one else has any expectations for him?”
“I am different from all of you, I have always been living steadfastly…… ohh!?”
Kinanah, who had been restricted by demonic magic for the sixth time, started to 
gradually grow smaller.
“Well, well, we managed to achieve our task for today…… hm?”
But this time was different from normal.
After the rampaging dragon grew smaller, what stepped out of the light pillar in the 
end was a lizard man who walked on two legs.
This was the human state of Kinanah which was seen in the Demon World before.
“…… (It seems like the sharpening has finished.)”
“Hmm?”
“Did he speak just now!?”
When Alberto and Gabriel were perplexed, they did not let their guard down at all, with 
a gaze so clear that it was hard to imagine that he was just rampaging earlier, he 
looked towards the sky in the north.
“(That huge wish will finally be fulfilled.)”
“…… Could he still be…… affected by dementia. Or is he really……?”
Gabriel, the only one who could understand what Kinanah was saying without Idea 
Link, followed Kinanah’s gaze and looked towards the sky in the north,
“Oh my.”
Then he realised Emilia was currently rushing over urgently.
“Seeing that she is so rushed…… could it be?”
The tired Gabriel who looked like he had breathed a sigh of relief, hefted the Sword 
of Durandal onto his shoulder,
“Owwwww!?”
“…… Do you have to do that every time?”
Then he accidentally cut his shoulder, cutting through the T-shirt.
◇
Emi, who chased after Kinanah’s tail together with Lagides and Gabriel five days ago, 
was hiding in a forest to the north of the Demon Fortress together with Lailah.
Emi had summoned Better Half and Evil Repelling Armour, so she was fully equipped.
“By the way…… Archbishop Caesar is unexpectedly a scoundrel huh.”
“His tenure was longer than Servantes in the first place, but the position of first rank 
Archbishop was still snatched from him. After that, the fact that Bell was being 
favoured by Madam Din Dem Urs also caused him to feel frustrated, that’s why he 
decided to do this kind of thing on his own.”
The two of them heard from Farfarello who was working hard in the shadows as Din 
Dem Urs’ bodyguard in Noza Quarters that Caesar had secretly deployed his own 
private troops towards the Demon Fortress.
Based on Farfarello’s analysis, it was because the negotiations with the Unifying 
Azure Emperor had not gone well at all, this angered Caesar a lot, so he wanted to 
obtain some achievements when Crestia shifted her focus on the north, thus he 
formulated this plan.
Of course, this matter was also within the expectations of Emi and the others, 
Servantes had been obstructing Caesar the whole time in the Church Headquarters, 
this was also one of the main reasons he carried out this kind of careless action.
“It feels like Bell’s job is the easiest. Even though the explanation to the public was 
that she was getting reprimanded, but in reality, she just needed to stay in the north 
the whole time and eat delicious food with Madam Din Dem Urs, it causes a low 
burden to her body too.”
“In the eyes of outsiders, they might think that this kind of life is very luxurious, but the 
person actually situated in that position might not have an easy time, both situations 
are 『having a meal』, but rather than nervously having a Michelin Three Stars french 
dish with other people every day, it would be better to wrap dumplings at home with 
someone you like, right? I think the pressure she is facing must be huge.”
“Even if it is like that, it does not mean that the Michelin Three Stars french dish is not 
delicious, right? Even though I have never eaten it before…… rather than this, they 
should be reaching soon, right?”
“Yeah. It seems like all of them are very skilled.”
“They arrived faster than expected. This means that Caesar is that anxious?”
“They also do not want to be discovered by the Hakin Knights who are also 
『pretending to be scouts』. Because they are highly skilled, they try not to kill each 
other. Then, let’s go.”
“Can you really do it?”
“I am rather good at this kind of thing. Since a long time back, I was only especially 
amazing at studying.”
The task Emi and Lailah had was to obstruct the advancement of the troops deployed 
by Caesar.
Of course, even if they pushed them back, it would only cause Caesar to send a 
second and third wave of troops, so during times like this, they had to use some tricks.
The main path connecting Noza Quarters and Isla Kentorum in the past still had traces 
of the havoc caused by the Demon King Army, but these were almost covered up by 
the natural forest.
Emi stood next to that old path, watching Lailah techniques while feeling awed.
“I see. In the past and now, Mother was a healthcare worker.”
“Yeah, and I also travelled in the Demon World for a period of time. I have a certain 
level of understanding of demonic spells. So……”
Next to where Emi was standing, Lailah used holy magic to create another Emi.
“I can also use spells to create an effect which is similar to the spells casted by the 
Malebranches.”
“It feels strange.”
The illusion created by Lailah’s spell was like a live broadcast on television, it projected 
Emi’s movements onto a holy magic screen.
“So, I have to sadly act this out alone in front of Mother.”
“You have to act well, yeah? Hero Emilia Justina. It is best for it to be so holy that they 
will give up on the orders of the Archbishop who is hungry for power.”
“I know…… Alas=Ramus.”
Emi sighed and called out for her daughter who was in a merged state.
『Mama, what is it?』
“This time, before Mama says it is okay, you cannot come out, alright? If you are 
obedient, Papa will play with you properly later, alright?”
『Un!』
Even though Maou would probably have a bad expression from being used like this, 
there was no other choice.
Lailah’s job was to recreate the illusion magic of the Malebranches, projecting the 
image of Hero Emilia in front of Caesar’s troops, stopping the troops from advancing.
Lailah was not an expert, but the screen she created by depending on holy magic 
recreated the illusion magic spell. Like this, no one would doubt the holiness of Hero 
Emilia.
“This is such a farce.”
“In this world, 90% of the things are a farce, so when the remaining 10% is 
encountered, people will be filled with motivation.”
“Yes yes. Actually being scammed by this kind of mother and daughter. Those people 
are so pitiful.”
After Emi said this, she 『transformed』 in a place where there was no one else 
around.
“…… Emilia.”
“What?”
The archangel Lailah looked at her daughter who had silver hair and red eyes, 
showing a charming smile.
“I, am really happy.”
“I know what you want to say, please don’t say it.”
The scouting troops working under Caesar discovered Emilia’s holy magic and the 
illusion projected onto the holy magic screen like this, then they were chased by the 
illusion in the forest leading to Isla Kentorum for a while day, wasting time 
meaninglessly.
“Everyone is progressing smoothly huh.”
The deepest section of the Demon Fortress.
Urushihara Hanzo was in a daze while standing in front of the mechanism which was 
fixed.
“It is amazing that they can progress to this point. I’m not sure if it should be considered 
lucky or unlucky…… but it really bothers me.”
Urushihara spoke it himself in a serious tone, but his posture was as sloppy as usual. 
He shifted his focus to the sky which was even further upwards then the top of the 
Demon Fortress which was above this ceiling.
“Even killing an Archbishop. You are observing this place, right? Why aren’t you taking 
action?”
In the end, ever since Maou and the others decided to defeat God, the only resistance 
Heaven made was to assassinate Archbishop Robertio.
No, with things as they were now, whether that was truly an assassination was 
doubtful.
They did not have evidence, so they could not conclude anything, but Heaven should 
have also sensed that they were currently under threat.
Heaven who would send Sariel, Gabriel, Raguel and Kamael out directly in the past, 
after being faced with a threat, why were they not taking any action against the Demon 
Fortress?
“Even though a NEET who can read the atmosphere is only second rate…… it still 
pisses me off.”
◇
The day when the 『agreed decision was implemented』was also a day when the 
attention of the whole world was the most focused on the Central Continent ever since 
the defeat of the Demon King Army, but this was also something which occurred one 
week ago.
※
『Summit Meeting』。
Even though this kind of grand name was given, in fact, the scale of this meeting was 
not large.
The meeting room in the administrative city of Noza Quarters was at most, about the 
same size as the first floor of the MgRonalds in front of Hatagaya station.
The absolute Master of the Eastern Continent, the Unifying Azure Emperor and right 
hand man, the General of the Seisokin Knights.
The consultant of the Southern Continent, the Warrior Leader of the warrior nation 
Wathewlama, Lagides Raz Ryan.
Two people from the Six Archbishops, standing at the top of the Theocracy which was 
the largest religion in this world, Servantes Reberiz and Crestia Bell.
The last stronghold of the humans fighting against the old Demon King Army, the 
General of Saint Aire Empire’s imperial guard, Heather Lumark and the Court 
Sorceress Emerada Etuva.
The representative of all the clans in the Northern Continent, Enclosure Leader Din 
Dem Urs.
The eight important people who have such huge authority that they can eliminate a 
country by just moving a finger, were actually submitting to a 17 year old girl.
It was made known to the world that it was a summit meeting, but it was just an event 
for the countries to fight for benefits, something which could not be understood by 
normal people.
The people who came to attend this meeting all thought it was like this before they 
took their seats.
Since the chairperson who organised this meeting was a visitor from a foreign world, 
the attendees did not think that these words from this outsider amongst outsiders 
would carry any weight.
And this chairperson was even a 17 year old girl, just saying this was amusing.
She was not a warrior, and not a sorceress, she was not even a demon, what kind of 
power would this girl have?
They heard that she was Din Dem Urs’ granddaughter, but this contradicted the 
premise that she was from a foreign world, making it obvious that someone was 
manipulating something in the shadows.
Either way, everyone was currently observing an extremely strange situation in the 
Central Continent.
But compared to the Demon King Army in the past, this was not considered any kind 
of emergency threat at all. More accurately, this was only an incentive to stir up the 
desire for territory and power amongst the various nations in the world.
Therefore, the intentions of the various factions were focused on the Central Continent 
now……
The people who harboured such intention, these people who had the position of 
custodians of the world, were currently all looking towards the Chairperson while 
feeling tense.
No, only Din Dem Urs was acting like she was enjoying the development of the 
situation, showing a smile on her face which was covered in wrinkles.
The attendees of the summit focused their gaze on Chiho Sasaki, the girl sitting on 
the Chairperson’s seat.
To some of the people, this was a familiar face.
To some of the people, this was someone they were seeing for the first time.
The girl with a small stature, wore clothes from the foreign world, a 『school 
uniform』.
From her gentle expression and soft muscles and skin, no signs of imposingness or 
fighting ability could be sensed from her at all.
Even so, they still could not let their guard down at all.
Because more seriously than anyone else in this world, Chairperson Chiho Sasaki 
was a fox assuming the majesty of a tiger.
“I believe that everyone attending today are people who understand the intentions 
behind our Demon King Army initiating the Battle to Defeat God are willing to protect 
the peace and order of the Holy Cross Continent with all your might after God 
disappears from the world.”
This was the first sentence said by Chiho Sasaki.
“In my hometown of Japan, there is an idiom of 、『those who eat from the same pot 
are comrades』. The meaning is that friends who eat together have an implied 
meaning of living together because of the same goal, and because of this, they are 
comrades who have formed a strong bond.”
It was unknown whether it was Servantes or Lagides, but this sentence from the 
Chairperson caused either one of them to gulp in nervousness.
“I wish to explain to everyone first, the lunch today was prepared by me for everyone. 
In the foreign world of Japan, this is something which is eaten by all the citizens.”
The Chairperson’s gaze swept over all the attendees.
“And…… this is also 『the same pot』 usually eaten by me and my important friends. 
Isn’t that right?”
At this moment, the Chairperson glanced at both sides of her.
“Demon King Satan. Hero Emilia.”
“…… Yeah.”
“That’s right.”

On Chiho Sasaki’s right side, an existence which even Lagides who had a large 
stature had to look upwards to face him, was the imposing appearance of the King of 
Demons in the Demon World, Satan.
On her left side was Hero Emilia, wearing the Evil Repelling Armour and also, for
unknown reasons, holding a young girl who was smiling widely.
Everyone first felt fear towards Satan, then they felt confused over Emilia’s presence.
Especially Servantes who had never participated in the Battle to Defeat God, his shock 
was most obvious. When a demon who possessed an abnormal amount of demonic 
magic appeared at the venue of the meeting, he was the first one to raise his guard.
It was also difficult for the General of the Seisokin to hide his fear, but in the eyes of 
the pair, the strangest thing was still clearly that young girl Chairperson who seemed
to treat Demon King Satan as her subordinate.
Normally, unless one possesses a certain level of holy magic, once they come into 
contact with the strong demonic magic from a demon, their bodily functions would 
weaken, and in the worst case scenario, this would result in death.
But for unknown reasons, Chiho Sasaki who did not look like a sorceress or a warrior 
could nonchalantly withstand the demonic magic emitted by Demon King Satan.
“Even though what is going to start next is the meeting, but in fact, this is a 『request』
I have for everyone. After listening to the opinions of many people and consulting the 
opinions of the experts, I have formulated a 『plan』 which would not put everyone 
at a disadvantage. I hope everyone can raise your opinions to adjust the plan together 
and discuss how this can be implemented.
“The way this is being phrased is too domineering, isn’t it?”
The one who spoke first was Lagides.
For normal people, when they see the face of the Warrior Leader, they would start 
shivering because of how imposing he looked, but Chairperson Chiho replied with a 
smile, showing no fear,
“That’s right. After all, nothing will be accomplished by just depending on all of you.”
“Ugh!”
“Fufufu.”
After Din Dem Urs saw Lagides flinch, she showed a pondering smile.
“If I and the Demon King Army did not organise the summit, the Central Continent 
would have been conquered by the Holy Conquest Army of Church Knights, right? I 
wish to ask Archbishop Servantes and Archbishop Crestia…… after the Holy 
Conquest Army achieved its purpose of attacking Isla Kentorum from Noza Quarters 
and Wes Quarters, would you allow all the Church Knights return to their 
original parish?”
“……”
As expected, the two Archbishops were not so stupid to answer this question.
There were some things in this world which definitely could not be said out loud even 
if everyone knew it.
“Then, Your Majesty the Unifying Azure Emperor. If the Holy Conquest Army 
expressed that they would obediently return after they achieve their goal, so please 
do not do anything, would you believe them?”
“…… In order to, protect the neutrality, of Central…… Our Hakin Generals…… would 
immediately…… retaliate against…… the barbarians of the West…… with the whole 
army……”
On the other hand, the Unifying Azure Emperor was not the type to hold back in this 
type of setting.
The atmosphere of the venue became tense immediately, Servantes showed a stiff 
expression and Lagides scoffed unhappily.
“Madam Din Dem Urs. The people from the West and the East are like this. In this 
kind of situation, which side would the North support?”
“Maa, even though we are lending the port of the Church now, we do not wish for a 
war to happen. I do not wish to get into a conflict with Old Man Fu at this age.”
“Warrior Leader Lagides, General Lumark, this means that under the stage of the 
Central Continent, there are already at least two continents who are fighting in the 
shadows, does Holy Saint Aire Empire and Wathewlama have any plans with regards 
to this? If this goes on, the entitlement of the Central Continent would be monopolised 
by either side.”
“……”
Lagides frowned unhappily.
“…… Fufu, you really hold nothing back.”
As for Lumark, as if she thought it was very interesting, she showed a smile.
“Archbishop Servantes…… the crux of the problem has come. The Battle to Defeat 
God carried out by our Demon King Army, just considering the results, this is a battle 
which is a necessity for the continued survival of the Ente Isla humans. I think 
Archbishop Crestia and Director Emerada from Saint Aire’s Sorcery Management 
Institute have already informed you on this matter. With this as the premise, can all 
the Theocracy believers with Archbishop Servantes and Archbishop Maulo at the fore 
be able to accept this fact?”
“…… About that.”
“Let me say this first, all the information delivered to you is the truth. If you want 
evidence, they can be shown to you later. Then, Warrior Leader Lagdies.”
“Uh.”
“For everyone else other than Archbishop Servantes, they already knew about the 
goals of the Battle to Defeat God and the impact it would cause, but even so, just by 
depending on their power, they are still unable to stop the various countries from 
fighting in the Central Continent. Everyone is probably unable to think of any ways to 
avoid battle, right? This cannot be helped, everyone is carrying the responsibility of 
your own countries after all. Once the implementation of the plan begins, just 
maintaining the current state would cause a lot of money. I understand that with things 
as they are now, everyone would be unable to accept returning without achieving 
anything, but the plan proposed by me can give everyone the opportunity to turn back 
within this situation.”
“…… If~, we are unable to accept that plan and decide to reject it, then what~?”
In response to Emerada’s words, Chiho nodded slightly.
“Of course, whether you want to reject or not is your choice, but……”
At this moment, the Chairperson’s tone instantly became low and deep.
“I hope that before everyone speaks, please carefully consider who the two people 
standing behind me are.”
“What!”
“Ugh!”
“Kakaka!!”
Lagides and Servantes wavered instantly. As for Din Dem Urs, she could not help but 
laugh out loud.
“Emerada, what did you instil into her? No matter how I look at this, this is not Chihodono in the past. If not for the fact that it is these members gathered here, I would 
have suspected that she was being mentally controlled by the Demon King.”
“…… I think she probably isn’t the type to say these things or the type who can say 
those things out loud in the past~ and it is probably the same for the Demon King as 
well~”
“……”
The two people from Saint Aire poked each other with their elbow, Satan frowned 
deeply after hearing their conversation.
“Alas=Ramus-chan, come here for a while?”
“What is it, Chi nee-cha?”
The Chairperson turned towards Emilia, picking up the young girl in her arms.
“Who is Alas=Ramus-chan’s Papa?”
“Papa is, Satan!”
In an instant, the meeting venue was abuzz, Satan lowered his head to hide his 
unhappy expression.
“Then, your Mama?”
“Mama is……”
The young girl pointed towards that person with a huge smile.
“My Mama, is Emilia!”
The commotion this time had already exceeded the boundaries of being shaken or 
astonished.
Emilia, who was being pointed at by the young girl, as if she was holding something 
in, blushed and lowered her head.
Her expression was complex, based on the angle, other people might think she was 
being shy.
This appearance increased the credibility that the young girl being carried by the 
Chairperson was the child of the Demon King and Hero.
“I, Satan-san and Emilia-san are 『comrades who have eaten from the same pot』. 
Our Battle to Defeat God, is a battle initiated for the sake of Alas=Ramus-chan’s smile. 
Therefore…… rejecting this plan is the same as becoming enemies with the Demon 
King and Hero as well as the whole foreign world of Japan, I hope everyone can 
consider it properly.”
The scene descended into chaos, but no one could rebuke them.
No matter what, this was too unreasonable.
It could even be considered a threat.
There should be a limit to a fox assuming the majesty of a tiger.
Even so, these people standing at the top of the human world were unable to retaliate.
This was the case even for the Servantes, the one who viewed the Demon King Army 
as the biggest enemy.
The Chairperson nodded firmly, as if she was satisfied with the atmosphere of the 
meeting.
“Alas=Ramus-chan, thank you. Here, Satan-san.”
“Un! Papa!”
The Chairperson intentionally did not turn towards Emilia but returned Alas=Ramus to 
Satan.
The young girl innocently climbed up the body of the King of Demons who was 
carrying her, proving that she was really the key to connecting the Demon King and 
Hero.
“Even so, as long as you participate in the plan proposed by us, everyone will not 
suffer any losses, only losing the chance to monopolise the benefits. I guarantee that 
after the battle, all of you will be able to obtain huge benefits before the other countries 
who did not participate in the Battle to Defeat God. Then…… Satan-san.”
“Alright, alright…… hey, E…… Emilia.”
With the prompting from the Chairperson, Satan slowly started to take action.
He looked at the shaken group with a sidelong glance and passed the child in his arms 
to Emilia.
That natural action caused the bond between the Demon King and Hero to appear 
more solidified, but Satan still walked out of the meeting room with some discomfort.
A few minutes later, he came back hugging a large pot.
In addition, some strange members were following behind Satan.
“A, Alsiel……”
One of them was the Demon General Alsiel whom many people recognised.
But the person standing behind him was clearly a human. That person was carrying a 
huge tray and there were many plates holding white chunks.
And the girl who entered after them actually started stealing and eating the food which 
should have been distributed to everyone.
“Hey, Acies!”
“Sorry, sorry, I’m hungry and I couldn’t wait anymore.”
Looking carefully, the girl who Satan addressed as Acies looked very similar to the 
young girl known as Alas=Ramus.
“Father, let me help you.”
“Father!?”
Hearing Emilia address the human standing behind Alsiel like this, caused everyone 
who did not recognise Nord Justina to feel even more shocked.
The scent of disbelief was starting to drift around in the meeting venue, the people 
present immediately understood that the things brought inside were some kind of 
cuisine.
“Everyone present today are fighting for the sake of Ente Isla’s future, comrades 
eating from the same pot.”
Large numbers of pots and trays were placed on the Chairperson’s table, then the 
Chairperson served the attendees personally.
“These are onigiri, karaage, seasoned chilled tofu and radish miso soup. All of these 
are dishes which will definitely be found in the daily lives of our Demon King Army. All 
of this was made by me.”
The proposal raised to Din Dem Urs by Chairperson Chiho…… Chiho was this.
The huge premise of this plan was originally to make use of the power and influence 
of Satan and Emilia, but Chiho, who simply wanted to the attendees to understand the 
difference between the foreign world and Japan, what she thought of in the end was 
to have all the attendees taste what Chiho and the others normally ate in Villa Rosa 
Sasazuka Room 201.
Then, Archbishop Crestia Bell, Emerada Etuva and Din Dem Urs prepared to start 
eating first, but,
“No!”
The young girl being carried in Emilia’s arms stopped them.
Everyone looked over in surprise, the daughter of the Demon King and Hero said 
sternly.
“Must say ‘let’s eat’ first!”
This kind of serious reaction from a child would normally cause others to smile, but 
the other people present did not know what expression to show, and they were only 
able to nod vaguely.
Then.

Demon King, Receiving an Ambush
The people who participated in the 『summit meeting』 carried out the plan carefully.
Lagides had already referred to the six tails cut off from Kinanah as 『dragon tails』, 
treating it as evidence of the defeat of the magical creature which was harming the 
Central Continent, returning to Saza Quarters in victory.
When the reputation of Wathewlama and the Five Continent Knight Alliance in the 
south were spreading throughout the world, the negotiations between the Church 
Knights of the Holy Conquest and the Hakin Knights had ended but even if both sides 
signed a mutual ceasefire pact, they only sent a slow trickle of forces from the north 
and the east towards Isla Kentorum for the sake of appearances.
They would encounter many 『miracles』 or 『nightmares』 every single time, and 
in the end, unable to approach Isla Kentorum, they ran back to Noza Quarters or Ia 
Quarters.
What they saw the most frequently was 『the illusion of Hero Emilia』.
Another is 『the back of an angel』.
In addition there were also 『the ghosts of the citizens of Isla Kentorum, who had 
become sacrifices of the Demon King Army』.
For the last time, this was an effect created by depending on the illusion spells and 
necromancy spells which the Malebranches were skilled in.
This phenomenon combined with the 『dragon』 defeated by Wathewlama. Not only 
did these incite fear in the Knights gathered at the Central Continent, it caused 
rumours to spread all over the world.
Making use of these rumours, the Hakin Knights gradually changed their plans, 
allowing the Church Knights to advance.
But they were unable to fully accept it in the end and decided to temporarily form a 
『 Scouting Troop 』 compromising the Church Knights and Hakin Knights to 
investigate these rumours.
Wathewlama obtained the glory of taking the lead and defeating the giant demonic 
dragon, returning in victory.
After the south took the lead and obtained achievements, they decided to use the 
Church Knights and Hakin Knights as their main forces, working together to fight 
against the threat in the Central Continent. The Gakusen Corps and the Five Continent 
Knight Alliance led by Lumark were in charge of providing support.
In reality, even though the Church Knights were still continuing on with the Holy 
Conquest, they still had to follow the agreement with the Hakin Knights to spread their 
forces over a large area, making it impossible to fulfil their plan to establish a de-facto 
colony of the Central Continent in the name of charity.
Of course, this was the same situation for the Hakin Knights, the Gakusen Corps and 
the Five Continent Knight Alliance also declared that they would remain neutral, 
helping to mediate between both factions.
Anyway, under this situation where everyone could not unreasonably force their way
through in a blatant manner, the Demon King Army made the Demon Fortress take 
off.
When the world’s attention was attracted to the Central Continent, the Knights which 
were evenly deployed from all around the world witnessed this moment, this caused 
them to no longer be able to carry out any monopolisation actions one-sidedly.
Of course, the upper management of these countries have already discussed 
beforehand, after the end of the Battle to Defeat God, they would be able to obtain 
large amounts of information and talent which would benefit their international politics.
And that was definitely the migration of the demons which Afsahan, Fiensi and 
Wathewlama have been looking forward to since some time ago. Those were what 
Servantes and the Church, and the Western Continent wanted to obtain, such that 
they were willing to give up on the hegemony of the Central Continent.
※
“What should I say, that was really a blind spot.”
The summit meeting ended in a short few days, in the meeting room after the leaders 
from the various countries left, Maou said this while wearing a loose T-shirt which did 
not match the atmosphere of the meeting venue at all.
“It’s more like this was practically never thought of. No, it should be no one had thought 
of it before?”
“But from the beginning, it is true that we have never thought of annihilating our 
opponents. After that, I just harboured the feelings of taking it one step at a time, not 
caring about what happens after at all.”
Emi, who was carrying Alas=Ramus in her arms, also spoke while harbouring the 
same emotions as Maou.
“I feel the same way. After gathering all of it together like this, it feels so heavy.”
Those stack of documents were definitely not considered thick.
But the signatures of all the attendees of the summit were contained on it.
This world summit meeting which definitely could not be publicised.
The negotiations which would decide the final course of the Battle to Defeat God.
“With this.”
Amongst the main members of the meeting, Chairperson Chiho, the only person who 
stayed in the meeting room, in an unusual fashion, slumped on the table tiredly and 
asked.
“The day to launch the Demon Fortress has been decided, but is it really alright? 
Maou-san, Yusa-san.”
“We can only do it.”
Maou Sadao, whose name was called, answered seriously as he twirled the slightly 
higher grade pen which he had bought for the full time employee training,
“Rather than breaking the agreement with the signatures of the Demon King and Hero 
on it, following it would be more beneficial.”
The minutes of the summit meeting.
Other than containing the signatures of all the attendees, there were names of the 
three meeting witnesses.
Satan Jacob and Maou Sadao.
Emilia Justina and Yusa Emi.
Under the two signatures which were lined up together, there was still a line of crooked 
handwriting.
But everyone who attended this meeting would probably be unable to forget that name.
The name of the daughter of the Demon King and Hero, Alas=Ramus.
“Of course, we are not so powerless to waste the signatures of Chiho-chan and 
everyone. On the contrary, the number of things we need to do will increase……”
“The original shift schedule in place is tight enough already, I already do not wish to 
apply for more leave, this will make me feel apologetic towards Shop Manager Iwaki.”
“We can only ask Libicocco to work hard for the time being, when we can be included 
in the work shift again, it is fine as long as we do not take any rest days for one month. 
Shop Manager Iwaki and everyone should be able to understand us. We have to thank 
Chiho-chan for revealing everything.”
“Not taking any rest days for a whole month is too tiring, isn’t it?”
After Maou rebuked Emi who made it sound like it was an easy thing, he turned 
towards Chiho.
“Anyway, Chi-chan, you also worked hard. When I first thought about it at the 
beginning, I was very worried about how it would turn out, but unexpectedly, it 
progressed this smoothly.”
Then, Chiho suddenly raised her head and looked towards Maou.
“…… Because I worked very hard. I used the free time outside of school and cram 
school, gathering various information without depending on Grandma Lidem. To 
become capable of withstanding Maou-san’s demonic magic, I still have to find time 
to carry out training to make the Yesod fragment resonate with holy magic, it really 
pushed the boundaries of my stamina. I already did this much while busily preparing 
for exams, please work hard, okay?”
“Y, yeah, I’m really sorry. By the way, Chi-chan is really amazing…… it feels like you 
were completely different from normal, and you used a lot of terms which were difficult 
to understand……”
“That’s right! Just standing at the side, I was almost oppressed by Chiho’s aura……”
“Because I worked very hard.”
““Eh.””
Chiho’s eyes started to turn moist, causing the Demon King and Hero to flinch.
“I asked a friend in the student council to teach me the process of a meeting and asked 
them to carry out meetings and small group discussion simulations with me. And in 
the end, I spent almost 10,000 yen to treat them in a family restaurant.”
“O, oh.”
“Everyday, I would record the live broadcasts of the parliament to watch. Because 
Mother understood the situation, she did not say anything much, but Father kept 
looking at me with a strange gaze.”
“I, I see……”
“Harbouring the feelings that I need to prepare a small thesis for the exams anyway, 
I learned how to write documents. In addition I read a total of three books about 
‘Businesses need meetings’ and ‘Businesses do not need meetings’. Spending 6000 
yen in total.”
““……””
“But just this still made me feel very uneasy, so I still asked Shiba-san and Amanesan to help me look for scripts for the process of meetings. The rent for Maou-san’s 
house, Suzuno-san’s house and Lailah-san’s house will increase by 10% this month.”
“Eh!?!?”
The last fact caused Maou to look towards Emi like he was asking for help.
But Emi was also shocked at the amount of effort Chiho had personally put in, not 
looking at Maou at all.
“I am really…… very tired. I need to say unpleasant things to many people and act 
very forceful, because secrets and impartialness are important, so for the important 
things, forget about Maou-san and Yusa-san, I cannot discuss them with Suzuno-san, 
Ashiya-san or Emerada-san. It is rare for Urushihara-san to work hard, so I don’t wish 
to trouble him.”
““……””
After Chiho said this, she sighed lightly, lowering her head again.
Maou and Emi could not help but glance at each other.
She was very scared and very nervous after all.
She probably felt very uneasy now as well.
Chiho had a strong sense of responsibility, so once she made a decision, she would 
carry it out until the end.
But this was different from the Jirga, where points were used to judge the results, the 
outcome of the meeting could only be judged by the atmosphere in the end.
However, these people with 『power』 who gathered in Ente Isla have entrusted 
their future to a girl from a foreign world who did not have any 『power』.
This suddenly caused the two to feel guilty.
Even though they felt that they had supported Chiho in the light as well as in the 
shadows, Chiho was the one who steered the meeting on her own.
“Chi nee-cha, good girl, good girl!”
Perhaps she had sensed Chiho’s hard work, Alas=Ramus jumped down from Emi’s 
arms, walked up to Chiho and stretched out as much as she could to touch Chiho’s 
back.
“…….Un, thank you, Alas=Ramus-chan…… but I am really rather tired……”
“H, hey…… Chi-chan…… erhm, we are…… sorry……”
Maou stood up immediately after seeing that pitiful appearance, apologising for his 
own uselessness.
This had nothing to do with demons or humans.
Maou felt that as someone who traversed from this world to Japan, he had to 
apologise for the uselessness of this world.
The girl from a foreign world was forced to bear the cross which no one in this world 
could carry, and when the Demon King planned to bear this sin,
“Hm?”
His wrist which was on the table originally was suddenly grabbed, causing him to let 
out a sound of surprise.
“Maou-san.”
Chiho, who grabbed Maou’s wrist, looked very tired, but she still looked up at Maou 
with a challenging smile.
“Please give me a reward.”
“R, reward?”
“Yes.”
Maou readjusted his posture in surprise, but for reasons unknown, Chiho was not 
willing to let go of his hand.
“Demon General Sasaki Chiho had never worked this hard before. Even after 
deducting the matter of letting Acies-chan cause a commotion in MgRonalds without 
discussing with both you first, I should have the right to get a reward from Demon 
King-sama, right?”
“Uh…… of, of course, erhm, your performance and the work you put behind it was 
really surprising, so a befitting…… uh, what reward do you want?”
“Yusa-san, after the meeting today, everyone should be mostly united, right?”
“Eh? You’re asking me? T, that’s right. They should be united now……”
“Then if everything progresses smoothly, then this means that the opportunity for 
saving Ente Isla was created by me, right?”
“It, it can be phrased that way……”
Emi, whose name was called, could not follow Chiho’s emotions, and she started to 
ramble.
“If so, Maou-san, I won’t be satisfied with a half-baked reward this time.”
“E, ehh?”
In the past, when Farfarello came to Japan for the first time, Chiho also asked Maou 
for a 『reward』.
That time, she ate three large pieces of cake covered fully with strawberries by herself, 
but the burden withstood by Chiho this time was much larger than what it was before.
It was more like, it felt the situation this time was not something which could be 
measured with money……
“W, what should I do?”
“……”
As if Maou was being nailed down, he could not remove his hand from the table.
Then Chiho did not reply Maou, but looked towards Emi,
“Yusa-san, Alas=Ramus-chan.”
“Eh?”
“What is it?”
“Actually my office is upstairs, I put my bag with my notepad and mobile phone inside 
there. I’m sorry, can you help me bring it over? It is a dark blue bag. Alas=Ramuschan, can I ask you to help with this?”
“Y, yeah, I understand.”
“Oh! I want to help!”
“I’m sorry…… I’m counting on you.”
“Hey, Emi……!”
Emi could not withstand the tense aura emitted by Chiho, taking the opportunity to 
carry Alas=Ramus and escaped from the large meeting room.
After Emi and Alas=Ramus were not around anymore, Maou was forced to face Chiho 
alone, the instant he turned towards Chiho nervously, not knowing what 『reward』
would be asked from him.
“Hey, Chi……”
Maou was unable to finish what he was saying.
“Chiho-chan. Is this the bag you were talking about? Because it’s different from the 
one you usually carry, I could not confirm it…… is something wrong?”
When Emi returned to the large meeting room around five minutes later, Maou was 
already sitting on the chair in a dazed manner, no, it was as if he had completely 
collapsed on the chair, staring blanking into the air. As for Chiho, she was standing 
with a slight blush, with her back leaning against the chair Maou was sitting on.
“Chi nee-cha?”
“…… That’s right, that’s the one. Yusa-san, Alas=Ramus-chan, thank you.”
“Is that so, then that’s good…… what’s wrong with the Demon King?”
Chiho ignored Maou and received the bag from Emi,
“Maou-san, I will be heading back to Japan today first.”
After saying this, she walked out of the meeting room.
“Eh? Wait…… Demon King? Chiho-chan is going back…… Chiho-chan!?”
Maou did not respond, Chiho also left directly. Emi, who did not know what to do, 
decided to leave the meeting room, chasing after Chiho.
Maou, who was left behind, it was only now did he jump up from the chair in a panic.
“Wha……. Wha, eh…… ahhh!?”
He was unable to understand what happened just now, freezing again.
『Maou-san.』
Chiho’s voice still echoed in his ears vaguely.
『This is only half.』
As if she was still there, Maou looked towards the Chairperson’s seat which Chiho 
was just sitting on.
That girl who kept Maou’s hand fixed on the table, said this before Emi returned.
『…… For the other half, I hope Maou-san will take the initiative.』
Continuing Chapter
The moist sound from stepping on mud and weeds echoed drearily in the forest 
enveloped in fog.
The sound of metal clashing with each other, the sound of hooves, the slight neighing 
of the horses and the sound of someone clearing their throat.
These sounds were absorbed into the emptiness hidden behind the fog and currently, 
they could only confirm that it was almost daytime.
There were a total of 10,000 soldiers, all of them in different attire.
In the formation, this included the Church Knights who held the flag of the Holy 
Conquest up high.
The Eastern Continent Seisuikin Knights and the Seikoukin Knights who had green 
banners and red banners tied onto their arms.
The Western Continent Alliance Knights, bearing proof of the Five Continent Knight 
Alliance.
As well as the Northern Continent Gakusen Corps who were not large in number but 
held unique weapons.
All of them were silent, looking below them, some nervousness mixed into their 
breathing which did not resemble how strong and hardened Knights should behave.
“Look……”
Someone mumbled this, everyone around him looked up nervously.
That sharp tip which looked like it was going to pierce into the night sky which had 
never been broken through before was the Demon King Army base which caused the 
whole Holy Cross Continent Ente Isla to descend into fear, the spire of the Demon 
Fortress.
Someone gulped in nervousness, and some people could understand that this action 
was an indication of the fear felt within the heart.
The Knights entrusted their own justice onto various thoughts and came here.
They had come to exorcise the threat and fear which had newly occurred in the Central 
Continent.
The survivors of the human soldiers who had rushed into the Demon Fortress with 
Hero Emilia in the past, the stories of the tragic and cruel battlefield which were passed 
down were still a topic even now.
Amongst these 10,000 people, there were even people who had gone to that 
battlefield.
Everyone was imagining the evil sword tip which was hidden on the other side of the 
fog, a scene where a large number of demons would be released in the next instant.
But…… but nothing happened.
Other than the spire of the Demon Fortress, there was nothing else.
They could only hear the sounds of nature in their surroundings.
Those living things did not die because they had breathed in the air from the Demon 
Fortress, the Knights could sense insects, birds and wild animals as well as the wind 
blowing across the barren land.
There was nothing.
Nothing happened at all.
This was still a world of humans.
The sun peeked out from the faraway horizon, as if it was supporting the Knights who 
felt lucky that they were still in this world, shooting over a ray of warm sunlight.
Just as this sense of relief spread across the 10,000 soldiers.
When the dense fog dissipated because of the warmth of the sun and the wind,
“…… Hey, that is.”
One of the knights sensed a strange change in front, then the earth started to shake.
The Knights who just felt a slight sense of relief instantly descended into panic.
But no one could reprimand them.
Anyone would have felt shocked.
The huge Demon Fortress which reached into the sky started to vibrate and produce 
loud noises.
The 10,000 soldiers did not even have time to admire the grand looking castle vaguely 
hidden on the other side of the screen of fog where sunlight glimmered through before 
they were scared witless by this scene.
Smoke sprayed out from the bottom of the Demon Fortress and started to float into 
the air, shaking the land.
This action caused the souls and fearful heart of everyone present to rumble as much 
as the land.
At this moment, a holy light, just like the sun, shot up from the top part of the Demon 
Fortress, attracting the attention of all the members of the scouting troop.
It was the Hero.
Someone said this.
That is Emilia. Is it not an illusion? That is the actual person. I have seen her personally 
before. That is not an illusion.
“It’s Hero Emilia!!”
『The brave warriors from various lands who have gathered in the Central Continent!!』
The powerful voice of Emilia shook the eardrums of everyone present.
The voice emitted by the young lady Hero who had saved the world before, entered 
the ears of all 10,000 people equally.
『The battle from now on belongs to the territory of God. Please spread this message 
to the whole word! The Demon King plans to escape to the other end of the sky. I will 
definitely not let him off. Everyone, please protect my battle! The world needs to unite 
under the name of peace, and new pe…… demons must not be created!』
Compared to the scene in front of them, slightly biting the tongue was considered 
nothing.
Within the 10,000 people, only one person could not hold it in and laughed.
The others could only look up and watch the Demon Fortress gradually disappear into 
the sky.
『I am Hero Emilia! No matter how the world changes, only one fact will definitely not 
change!!』
Accompanying this voice, the young lady Hero with silver hair and red eyes, while 
being enveloped by holy magic, she raised her right hand up high.
“Better Half.”
Someone shouted the name of that sword.
That was the Hero’s sword which had defeated the Demon King Army with its sacred 
power.
『Demon King! Be prepared!!』
『……………………………………Mama is so cool…………』
The light of the Hero started to chase after the Demon Fortress which was flying into 
the sky.
Faced with that loud noise and that shocking scene, the voice of a young girl was 
vaguely transmitted during this period did not stay in anyone’s memories.
The true miracle which occurred in front of their eyes caused them to turn speechless.
“…… Warriors which have been guided by God! We have just witnessed a miracle!”
A powerful voice caused the Knights to instantly come to their senses.
The only person out of the 10,000 people who noticed that the Hero had bitten her 
tongue and laughed, immediately flicked their robes and shouted with a dignified tone 
which did not match their small stature.
“The miracle in which the Knights from all over the world overcome each other’s 
standpoints and worked together to arrive here…… it must be guidance from God!”
The Archbishop who was the captain of the scouting troops momentarily hesitated 
before shouting 『guidance from God』, but she still continued the momentum and 
shouted,
“We cannot make the miracle of Hero Emilia go to waste! We must return victorious! 
Return with the miracle!!”
The roars of the Knights who were spurred on by these words resounded around Isla 
Kentorum.
The dawn of all the humans in Ente Isla.
After that, one of the Knights who raised his spear amongst the 10,000 people 
described the scene at that time like this. In fact, this day was also declared as the 
Day of Dawn by various countries, turning into a day of miracles.
Then, Ente Isla marched towards a new morning.
※
“So…… Ti……ri……ng.”
The day of the agreed decision, Chiho, who returned to Japan as if she was running 
away, threw down her bag and slumped down on the bed in her room without even 
changing her clothes, mumbling this.
“…… Even the Jirga…… was easier than this……”
Being invited to a summit meeting in a foreign world to be the Chairperson. Up until 
that point, it was still alright, but Chiho still felt that still surpassed her ability after all. 
Everyone had overestimated her own power.
Especially Din Dem Urs.
The reason why Chiho became Chairperson was mostly because Din Dem Urs was 
applying pressure from behind.
But even after listening to the explanation from Ashiya and Farfarello, she still found 
it difficult to accept.
In fact, being skilled at using the bow and arrow and being able to step up to the job 
of meeting chairperson were two completely unrelated things.
Of course, Din Dem Urs had other reasons for nominating Chiho, but Chiho was not 
notified about it, and even if she knew, she probably would not believe it.
What Din Dem Urs recognised was not Chiho’s position and ability, but her courage.
“………………”
Regardless, with this, she had really completely freed herself from the Battle to Defeat 
God.
No matter what, a situation which required Chiho’s help would probably never happen 
again.
“With this, the Demon Fortress…… would be able to fly…… after that is attacking 
Heaven…… freeing the Sephirah children…… allowing the demons to immigrate…… 
allowing the demons to immigrate……? No, for that part, no matter what, it should be 
left to Ashiya-san and the others to handle, and other than Farfar-san, the other 
demon citizens would probably not acknowledge me as Demon General, right…… 
yeah…… ah, but it seems like they have to land in the Demon World first. Then the 
conditions of Acies-chan and Alas=Ramus-chan are still unstable, what should they 
do in the future……”
As if it was in a feverish state, Chiho’s mind was in a mess.
Even if Chiho’s job had already ended, she had to start to prepare for exams after this. 
She did not have the free time to consider these things.
“……………… Maou-san ………………”
She had no time.
“…… I…… do not regret it.”
She felt that she was a little despicable.
Even if part of it was because she was influenced by the confidence from hosting the 
summit as the Chairperson, at that time, she had carried out that action while 
harbouring a sense of belief.
“…… It was all, Maou-san’s fault…..”
As Chiho lay there, she complained to Maou’s vague silhouette which appeared under 
her eyelids.
“Because you kept dragging it out, that’s why it turned out like this.”
Confused expression.
Shocked expression.
In a sense, all those were within expectations.
Therefore.
Her heartbeat did not increase this time at all.
“Hyaa!!”
Chiho, who felt like she could not breathe, sat up on the bed and rummaged through 
the bag she just threw down.
She took a small box out of the bag, opening it and putting it on the table.
Inside was the ring made from a Yesod fragment.
Even though this ring also exhibited an important effect this time, considering future 
events, it seemed rather bad to continue keeping it at her side.
This was a Yesod fragment.
In other words, this was part of Alas=Ramus and Acies.
“After returning this, it will really be the end then.”
This sentence which came out of Chiho’s mouth shocked her.
What was going to end?
The war? The battle between Demon King and Hero? Or……
“No, it would not end like this. Everyone organised the summit meeting and challenged 
God for the sake of this purpose.”
After this war ended, Ente Isla’s holy magic would gradually disappear.
In other words, Ente Isla’s Gate spell would also disappear.
Even though it was not an immediate effect, as time passed, it would become more 
and more difficult to travel between the two worlds.
“Only I…… will definitely not allow all of this to end.”
Amongst all the people who ate together in Villa Rosa Sasazuka Room 201, only 
Chiho was a person from Earth.
Everyone’s hometown was on a planet very far away from here.
“…… I will definitely not allow things to become like that…… I have already worked 
so hard.”
The hometown of Alas=Ramus and Acies was not even Ente Isla.
The Angel Feather Pen was a magical tool made from the feather of an Archangel.
If the angels lost their power, was it still possible to continue using it?
“Definitely…… will not allow things to end.”
In the dim room. Chiho used a finger to touch her own lips.
“Do not worry. Things will not become like that.”
“Hyaagawa!?”
At this moment, the voice of another person was heard, causing Chiho to jump up 
from the bed in fright.
“Eh? Eh eh eh, w, who is there?”
“I understand your worries, even though it would probably not be like the past, where 
it is easy and no price had to be paid, but there are still many methods.”
“Wah, w, wait, eh, when?”
Chiho panicked.
This was her own room, she even still quickly confirmed her own location, then she 
completely panicked because of a person who would logically definitely not appear in 
this place, then after sensing the danger, she continuously backed up on her bed, 
pressing her back against the wall.
“W, w, why are you here, Urushihara-san!?!?”
Since when did he appear here?
Urushihara Hanzao was standing in the middle of Chiho’s room.

“I was here since a long time ago?”
“D, don’t lie! When I came back, I did not see anyone……!!”
“I am around, you know? And I did not come after you came back. Actually, ever since 
a few months back, I had been with you the whole time.”
“Urushihara-san, there should be a limit for jokes…… Urushihara-san?”
That exaggerated tone and voice.
That height and expression.
It was exactly the same as the Urushihara Chiho knew.
But something felt strange.
Even if it was Urushihara, he would not enter Chiho’s room without any greeting.
No, before that, he would not even want to come here.
Even leaving the house……
“Ah, he did go out to work recently. But but! Wrong!!”
Chiho’s thoughts and mouth spun constantly, then she asked a very basic question.
“…… You are…… Urushihara-san?”
That person’s appearance, height and voice was definitely Urushihara.
But something felt different.
The only thing which could be said was that the impression given was different, but 
that person’s expression looked more honest, and the way he spoke was more 
efficient than normal.
But his attire was almost the same as the usual Urushihara, so it had to be that 
Urushihara had illegally entered this room which even Maou had never entered before.
Just as Chiho thought this, the Urushihara in front of her frowned.
“Isn’t that being too mean……”
“Eh?”
“…… How should I say that…… it’s exactly as you thought.”
“It was…… eh!?”
Her mind was read.
If that was the case, then it was only more confusing.
“Y, you’re not angry?”
“Uh…… there are too many strange parts. How do you know I read your mind?”
“You should know after reading my mind, right?”
“…… Aa, un, sorry. With things as they are now, something of this level should not 
scare you.”
“That’s right…… then.”
“Yeah. Maa, it’s exactly as you thought, I am not that 『NEET Urushihara Hanzo』
whom you were thinking of.”
“I didn’t go that far.”
Chiho could not help but rebuke that someone who had Urushihara’s appearance and 
spoke as if NEET was part of the name.
“Then, you are……”
“The humans are mostly united. Even if there will be another separation in the future, 
at that time, this memory would still stay in the world in the form of a record.”
“Hah……?”
“You created this result.”
“Eh?”
“You united that world (Ente Isla). If you were not around, it would definitely not be 
accomplished.”
“Uh, erhm……”
“But, there is still one part which is still separated from that world. I have to unite that 
part as well. However, for what is said next, rather than a rule, it is more like a routine. 
I will only appear in front of the person 『who performed the unification』. Thanks to 
that, I seem to have surprised this planet.”
“Eh? Eh? Eh?”
“Look outside the window.”
Following the instructions, Chiho opened the curtains.
“Wahhhhhh!?”
After she saw that face stuck outside the window, Chiho was so shocked that she fell 
off the bed.
“……”
“Shi, Shi, Shiba-san!?”
The landlady of Villa Rosa Sasazuka, Shiba Miki, covered the whole window.
Even if it was a scene which was difficult to describe, through the gap left through the 
window, Chiho still sensed that there were figures of other people floating in the sky.
“Eh?”
After Chiho looked carefully, she noticed that there was a man she did not recognise 
floating in the air with a serious expression.
And it was not just one person.
After Chiho pulled open the curtain, Shiba backed up immediately.
There were 11 human figures behind her.
And some people were clearly not Japanese.
But Chiho instinctively understood.
They are the Sephirah children.
Chiho had an impression of the aura they gave off.
That was an aura similar to Alas=Ramus, Iron and Acies.
It was an aura that they would emit when they were agitated.
The Sephirah children of Earth were currently in front of Chiho’s room, showing a 
clearly wary stance.
After that, one of the human figures slid lightly in front of Chiho’s room.
“…… Amane-san……”
“Sorry for disturbing. We’re sorry to have scared you, we came to get that child.”
Amane’s tone was not as open as usual.
Chiho could only curl up and leave a path for Amane.
“Let me say this first, I do not have intentions of harming anyone. Appearing here is 
just a coincidental result. All of you already knew very early on that there was a Yesod 
fragment from Ente Isla here, right?”
That someone who had Urushihara’s appearance, took a step forward calmly, as if he 
knew Amane and the rest would come.
“Even so, this is still an exception amongst exceptions. Recently, in order to guard 
against unexpected situations, we sent people to monitor the nearby Yesod fragments. 
We had thought Alas=Ramus-chan would probably be the first one to show 
problems…… but unexpectedly, it was actually Chiho-chan.”
The ones who monitored Maou and the others since the first time Alas=Ramus did a 
long distance separation from Emi was probably Shiba and these people.
“Yeah. So I can also understand why all of you sent such a huge group to welcome 
me. But all of you should have been monitoring Sasaki Chiho as well and clearly know 
that she would not do stupid things, and also does not have the ability to do stupid 
things, right? I think there is no need to threaten her like this?”
“People will all change. No one can predict the future.”
“It is useless for us to discuss this kind of thing here. After all, I am also unable to 
predict the future…… Ooguro Amane-san. In some sense, your existence is also one 
of the future results that everyone could not predict, right?’
“…… Yeah, maa, that is correct.”
“Do not worry. That world is mostly organised. Maa, even though it is still unclear 
whether every area can be solved perfectly……”
The man with Urushihara’s appearance lightly flew towards the path Amane and Shiba 
opened for him.
“E, erhm!”
“Hm?”
Chiho asked in the direction of his back.
“A, are you perhaps……”
“Maa, I am similar to the person you are thinking of now.”
“Eh?”
That man stopped in the air, turning around and showing a refreshing smile which 
should not appear on Urushihara’s face at all.
“As long as there is an intention of doing so, it is possible to stay indoors forever.”
“Eh?”
“Hahaha, there are many scary people staring now, I should be leaving now. When 
we meet next time…… perhaps.”
The man pointed directly at Chiho’s chest.”
“The person in your heart would already have an answer.”
“Hey!”
Just reading minds was not a big deal.
But this sentence was invading her privacy too much.
“Sorry, sorry, it invaded your privacy too much. But you doing that is really bold.”
“Y, y, you!?”
“Continue working hard. I will cheer you on. As the person who had been on your 
finger and continued to interact with your spirit.”
“I will not work any harder than this!!”
In various ways, these were Chiho’s heartfelt words.
Amane should also understand this as well.
After seeing her put her hands together and show a guilty expression, she surrounded 
the man with Urushihara’s appearance together with Shiba and the rest, disappearing 
into the sky.
“Before receiving the other half of the reward. I don’t want to work hard anymore!!”
Chiho declared this, but only a silent sky was left within her field of vision.
※
“Seriously, why do I have to do this kind of thing. Recently, aren’t all of you only 
treating me as an odd job worker?”
The person who forcefully put the heavy plastic bag from the nearby supermarket 
down on the tatami was Sariel with a stony expression.
A futon was placed in the middle of Villa Rosa Sasazuka Room 201. Maou Sadao, 
who was lying there with a frail expression, turned towards Sariel at the porch.
“…… Sorry. Libicocco is working the whole day today, the others are also very busy 
now. You can just leave it over there…… I will pack it later.”
Seeing that Maou planned to get up after saying this, Sariel frowned and said.
“No need, just lie there. There are glass bottles inside, if you fall over and cause 
yourself to be cut by the glass, it will be troublesome later on.”
“Uh, but.”
“Just lie down.”
Even if his tone was rough, but behind Sariel’s words, the signs of being concerned 
about Maou’s physical condition like a normal person was unexpectedly hidden.
Maou lay down again, exhaling deeply.
“…… Sorry. Just stuff them into the fridge.”
“Yeah.”
Sariel walked into Room 201, efficiently putting the ingredients in the plastic bag into 
the fridge.
“It feels like these are all ingredients which are not good for a sick person’s bad 
physical condition.”
“It’s probably Libicocco…… not only does he have a huge appetite, his taste buds are 
like that of a child……”
“I’ll just help you to the end and help you cook porridge.”
“…… You’re being so considerate towards me, it makes me feel strange instead.”
“Whatever you say. I didn’t do this willingly too. After everything ends, you have to 
remember to kneel in front of the feet of Shop Manager Iwaki and Shop Manager 
Kisaki and use the back of your head to clean the bottom of their shoes. If not for Shop 
Manager Iwaki and Shop Manager Kisaki asking me, I will not care about the requests 
from other people.”
This order contained too much of Sariel’s personal interests.
“……. Yeah, if I don’t do that much, then I am really owning them too much.”
Maou agreed in an unexpectedly straightforward manner.
Because of this, Sariel showed a dubious expression instead, but he did not continue 
listening to Maou speak, walking naturally towards the kitchen.
“…… So? I heard from them that your physical condition became very bad, what 
exactly happened? All your messed up plans mostly proceeded smoothly, the main 
show is finally coming up, which would be the final battle which is happening soon, 
right? Saying this at this time is too weak, but who did you catch the flu from?”
When Sariel picked up the knife and prepared to chop the vegetables, he asked this.
“……Ah~”
After Maou groaned with a fuzzy consciousness, he said.
“…… I was kissed.”
“Huh?”
“…… Chi-chan…… kissed me after a love confession…… then…… from my 
body…… the demonic magic……”
Maou’s voice was so soft and it was almost overwhelmed by the noise from the street, 
but it still transmitted into Sariel’s ears clearly.
Sariel, who prepared to cut the leeks and onions with a heart based on kindness and 
charity, suddenly wanted to fulfil his duty as an Archangel, pointing the tip of the knife 
towards the Demon King.
“Demon King…… Demon King, are you provoking me? Or are you bragging? Huh?”
His voice became a little agitated, but Maou continued to speak with a weak voice.
“…… Hey, Sariel.”
“What? Currently I want to mix up daffodil stalks and leek and add that into your 
porridge instead……”
(T/N: A daffodil stalk has a poisonous substance known as lycorine, which will cause 
symptoms such as vomiting and stomach-ache.)
“What is it like to be loved by someone?”
“…… Hah?”
This sudden question stopped the Archangel’s killing intent and the plan to poison and 
kill the Demon King.
“Uh…… even though I can understand it in theory. I know it very clearly…… I love 
Alas=Ramus as a family member, Alas=Ramus also loves me, seeing me as a
『Papa』…… therefore…… but, I…….”
The King of Demons spoke to the confused Archangel.
“I do not understand the love coming from a person with an equal position.”
“………… Huh?”
After hearing the words said from the weak Maou, unable to tell if they were words 
spoken in a dream or nonsensical blabber, Sariel held the knife with one hand, 
showing a confused expression.
─ To be Continued ─
Author, Afterward ‐AND YOU‐
Now, I want to ask everyone a few questions.
I think many people have seen the question of how frequently do you brush your teeth 
at the dentist or the medical questionnaire during a health examination, but how many 
times can everyone brush their teeth in a day?
After graduating from elementary school, I think unless your physical condition is really 
uncomfortable or you were so tired that you fell asleep accidentally, you would brush 
your teeth at least once a day. Some people would brush their teeth after every meal, 
and there are people who would not brush their teeth in their workplace or school, so 
they would only brush their teeth in the morning and at night.
There should also be many people who would only brush their teeth once before they 
sleep.
Regardless of which habit you have, the people who brush their teeth after every meal 
would probably feel disbelief towards the people who only brush their teeth once
before they sleep. The people who only brush their teeth once a day might also think 
that the people who brush their teeth after every meal are overdoing it.
Brushing teeth, just like its literal meaning, is a habit related to the general cleanliness 
of the teeth and mouth.
It is a type of habit which would greatly affect the impression of other people even if 
they are not particularly close to you.
Then, suddenly changing to the next question.
How often does everyone clean the bathroom, toilet and washbasin?
People who soak in baths normally might clean it every day, but if they shower, they 
might not clean it as obsessively.
Some people will clean the toilet every day, some people might wait until the toilet is 
obviously dirty before they clean it.
It is the same for the washbasin, some people will clean it every day, some people will 
only clean it when the water blockage becomes obvious, there should be many types 
of people.
Finally, how does everyone wash their bowls?
Can you accept stacking cutlery which has oil on them together with cutlery which 
does not have oil on them?
When placing them into the drying rack, would you arrange them neatly, or just stack 
them up carelessly?
When you take them from the drying rack to move into the cutlery drawer, would you 
put them in directly when they are dry, or would you think that the bottom of the bowl 
or the area around the bottom of the bowl might still be wet and use a cloth to wipe it 
dry?
At this point, the possibilities of what can happen at every stage is really too much, 
just categorising them is very troublesome.
Currently, even just using a dishwasher could be split into people who do not care 
about the proper usage method of a dishwasher and would put their dishes inside 
immediately after eating and people who would wash it a little before putting the dishes 
inside.
It is possible that someone might want to ask what is the point of asking these 
questions, but actually, all of these are related to 『water usage habits』.
This issue of which method is better, there is no absolute standard.
The dishwasher might have a correct usage method decided by the manufacturer, but 
the difference in water usage habits will always be unrelated to these reasons.
What is troubling is, 『the difference in water usage habits』 would occasionally 
cause a fatal impact in human relationships.
And people who have the exact same water usage habits as yourself are unexpectedly 
few.
People who insist on using toothbrushes with 『stiffer』 bristles to brush their teeth 
very cleanly might end up being very lax about cleaning other areas which are not the 
bath heater.
When cleaning the bathroom, for people who only feel satisfied after cleaning the floor, 
mirror, towel rack and other places as well, they might nonchalantly stack the plates 
and bowls which were stained with shrimp sauce.
The people who insist on putting the water which will enter their mouth or used to 
make ice cubes or even hot water through a water filtration machine might use the 
leftover bathwater to wash their clothes without any hesitation.
These are all actions linked to the subjective feeling of 『cleanliness』, unrelated to 
whether this is correct or not or whether it is effective or not, 『water usage habits』
is a survival method which has been cultivated by that person.
Therefore, unless it is that type of ridiculous situation where someone only brushes 
their teeth once a week or only cleans the toilet once a year, if things like these do not 
possess an absolute right or wrong in society, if someone insists that their habits are 
absolutely correct and ask other people to accept it, it will be impossible to build up a 
harmonious relationship.
So at this kind of time, there is a need to converse with each other and compromise.
When faced with possibilities which are not included inside your own habits, do not 
reject them directly, but first observe and think carefully, if they are acceptable, then 
compromise, if they cannot be accepted at all, then ask for the other party’s 
understanding, with both parties discussing with each other why they think their own 
habits are correct.
Even if the other party is a family member, lover or friend, this point cannot be 
overlooked when living together. When I was writing this book, my surrounding 
environment will always make me feel deeply that this is the secret to maintaining a 
long term relationship.
Two people whose habits in various areas were different since they were born are 
going to start living together, this is one of the important points in the plot of this book.
The two people who wanted to fight and kill each other for next to no reason at the 
beginning finally learned to solve problems through conversing, so if it is possible, the 
author does not wish for them to revert to the relationship where they have to fight and 
kill each other.
How the ending will turn out will still depend on the future plot developments, but this 
story is about to enter the ending!
Then, let’s meet in the next volume!
Author: Wagahara Satoshi
Illustrator: 029
Fan Translation by mittens_220
Please credit if you want to make use of the translations.